.g. due to ageing. Therefore,
                      FDP_SDI.2[HW] and FDP_SDI.2[FW] are suitable to meet the security objective.
                      The justification related to the security objective “Post Delivery Configuration of
                      Hardware” (O.CUST_RECONF_PLAIN) is as follows:
                      The security functional requirement “Specification of Management Functions
                      (FMT_SMF.1)” is used for the specification of the management functions to be
                      provided by the P6022y VB as demanded by O.CUST_RECONF_PLAIN. Therefore,
                      FMT_SMF.1[HW] is suitable to meet the security objective.
                      The justification related to the security objective "Sealing/Unsealing user data” (O.PUF) is
                      as follows:
                      The security functional requirement FCS_CKM.1[PUF] requires the generation of
                      cryptographic key from the key derivation function based on the PUF block and the
                      Random Number Generator (RNG). Since the PUF block and the Random Number
                      Generator provide a TOE specific data to the key derivation function, the user data which
                      is encrypted with this cryptographic key can be decrypted with the same TOE that the
                      user data was encrypted on. The security functional requirement FCS_CKM.4[PUF]
                      requires that the cryptographic keys which are derived by the key derivation function are
                      destroyed by the method of flushing of key registers. The SFR FCS_COP.1[PUF_AES]
                      defines the encryption and decryption of the user data using cryptographic algorithm
                      AES. The SFR FCS_COP.1[PUF_MAC] defines the calculation of a MAC as a PUF


P6022y VB                             All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation document                                   Rev. 2.1 — 6 April 2018
PUBLIC                                                                                                                                       72 / 101
NXP Semiconductors
                                                                                                                                   P6022y VB
                                                                                                                                     Security Target Lite


                        authentication value. Therefore these SFRs together provide the functionality of sealing/
                        unsealing user data as required by the objective O.PUF.


               6.3.2 Dependencies of security functional requirements


              6.3.2.1   NXP Secure Smart Card Controller P6022y VB
                        The dependencies listed in the PP [6] are independent of the additional dependencies
                        listed in the table below. The dependencies of the PP [6] are fulfilled within the PP [6] and
                        at least one dependency is considered to be satisfied.
                        The following discussion demonstrates how the dependencies defined by Part 2 of the
                        Common Criteria [2] for the requirements specified in Section 6.1.1.2 and Section 6.1.1.3
                        are satisfied.
                        The dependencies defined in the Common Criteria are listed in the Table 35:

Table 35. Dependencies of security functional requirements
Security Functional Requirement        Dependencies                                                                  Fulfilled by security requirements in
                                                                                                                     this ST
FCS_COP.1[TDES]                        FDP_ITC.1 or FDP_ITC.2, or FCS_                                               See discussion below
                                       CKM.1
                                       FCS_CKM.4
FCS_CKM.4[TDES]                        FDP_ITC.1 or FDP_ITC.2, or FCS_                                               See discussion below
                                       CKM.1
FCS_COP.1[AES]                         FDP_ITC.1 or FDP_ITC.2, or FCS_                                               See discussion below
                                       CKM.1
                                       FCS_CKM.4
FCS_CKM.4[AES]                         FDP_ITC.1 or FDP_ITC.2, or FCS_                                               See discussion below
                                       CKM.1
FDP_ACC.1[MEM]                         FDP_ACF.1                                                                     Yes, by FDP_ACF.1[MEM]
FDP_ACC.1[SFR]                         FDP_ACF.1                                                                     Yes, by FDP_ACF.1[SFR]
FDP_ACF.1[MEM]                         FDP_ACC.1                                                                     Yes, by FDP_ACC.1[MEM]
                                       FMT_MSA.3                                                                     Yes, by FMT_MSA.3[MEM]
FDP_ACF.1[SFR]                         FDP_ACC.1                                                                     Yes, by FDP_ACC.1[SFR]
                                       FMT_MSA.3                                                                     Yes, by FMT_MSA.3[SFR]
FMT_MSA.3[MEM]                         FMT_MSA.1                                                                     Yes, by FMT_MSA.1[MEM]
                                       FMT_SMR.1                                                                     See discussion below
FMT_MSA.3[SFR]                         FMT_MSA.1                                                                     Yes, by FMT_MSA.1[SFR]
                                       FMT_SMR.1                                                                     See discussion below
FMT_MSA.1[MEM]                         FDP_ACC.1 or FDP_IFC.1                                                        Yes, by FDP_ACC.1[MEM]
                                       FMT_SMR.1                                                                     See discussion below
                                       FMT_SMF.1                                                                     Yes, by FMT_SMF.1[HW]
FMT_MSA.1[SFR]                         FDP_ACC.1 or FDP_IFC.1                                                        Yes, by FDP_ACC.1[SFR]
                                       FMT_SMR.1                                                                     See discussion below
                                       FMT_SMF.1                                                                     Yes, by FMT_SMF.1[HW]




P6022y VB                               All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.                      © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation document                                     Rev. 2.1 — 6 April 2018
PUBLIC                                                                                                                                                          73 / 101
NXP Semiconductors
                                                                                                                                   P6022y VB
                                                                                                                                     Security Target Lite


Security Functional Requirement        Dependencies                                                                  Fulfilled by security requirements in
                                                                                                                     this ST
FCS_COP.1[PUF_AES]                     FDP_ITC.1, or FDP_ITC.2 or FCS_                                               Yes, by FCS_CKM.1[PUF]
                                       CKM.1                                                                         Yes, by FCS_CKM.4[PUF]
                                       FCS_CKM.4
FCS_COP.1[PUF_MAC]                     FDP_ITC.1, or FDP_ITC.2 or FCS_                                               Yes, by FCS_CKM.1[PUF]
                                       CKM.1                                                                         Yes, by FCS_CKM.4[PUF]
                                       FCS_CKM.4
FCS_CKM.1[PUF]                         FCS_CKM.2 or FCS_COP.1                                                        Yes, by FCS_COP.1[PUF_AES]
                                       FCS_CKM.4                                                                     Yes, by FCS_CKM.4[PUF]
FCS_CKM.4[PUF]                         FDP_ITC.1 or FDP_ITC.2 or FCS_                                                Yes, by FCS_CKM.1[PUF]
                                       CKM.1

                        The developer of the Security IC Embedded Software must ensure that the
                        additional security functional requirements FCS_COP.1[TDES], FCS_CKM.4[TDES],
                        FCS_COP.1[AES] and FCS_CKM.4[AES] are used as specified and that the User Data
                        processed by the related security functionality is protected as defined for the application
                        context.
                        The dependent requirements of FCS_COP.1[TDES], FCS_CKM.4[TDES],
                        FCS_COP.1[AES] and FCS_CKM.4[AES] completely address the appropriate
                        management of cryptographic keys used by the specified cryptographic function and
                        the management of access control rights as specified for the memory access control
                        function. All requirements concerning these management functions shall be fulfilled by
                        the environment (Security IC Embedded Software).
                        The dependency FMT_SMR.1 introduced by the two components FMT_MSA.1 and
                        FMT_MSA.3 must be fulfilled by the Security IC Embedded Software. The definition and
                        maintenance of the roles that act on behalf of the functions provided by the hardware
                        must be subject of the Security IC Embedded Software.


               6.3.3 Rationale for the Security Assurance Requirements


              6.3.3.1   NXP Secure Smart Card Controller P6022y VB
                        The selection of assurance components is based on the underlying PP [6]. The Security
                        Target for the P6022y VB uses the same augmentations as the PP, but chooses a higher
                        assurance level. The level EAL6 is chosen in order to meet assurance expectations of
                        digital signature applications and electronic payment systems.
                        The rationale for the augmentations is the same as in the PP. The assurance level EAL6
                        is an elaborated pre-defined level of the CC, part 3 [3]. The assurance components in an
                        EAL level are chosen in a way that they build a mutually supportive and complete set of
                        components. The requirements chosen for augmentation do not add any dependencies,
                        which are not already fulfilled for the corresponding requirements contained in EAL6,
                        respectively. Therefore, these components add additional assurance to EAL6, but the
                        mutual support of the requirements is still guaranteed.
                        As stated in the Section 6.3.3 of the PP [6], it has to be assumed that attackers with high
                        attack potential try to attack smartcards used for digital signature applications or payment
                        systems. Therefore specifically AVA_VAN.5 was chosen by the PP [6] in order to assure
                        that even these attackers cannot successfully attack the P6022y VB.

P6022y VB                               All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.                      © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation document                                     Rev. 2.1 — 6 April 2018
PUBLEC                                                                                                                                                          74 / 101
NXP Semiconductors
                                                                                                                    P6022y VB
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite



               6.3.4 Security Requirements are Internally Consistent


              6.3.4.1   NXP Secure Smart Card Controller P6022y VB
                        The discussion of security functional requirements and assurance requirements in the
                        preceding sections has shown that mutual support and consistency are given for both
                        groups of requirements. The arguments given for the fact that the assurance components
                        are adequate for the functionality of the P6022y VB also show that the security functional
                        requirements and assurance requirements support each other and that there are no
                        inconsistencies between these groups.
                        The security functional requirements FDP_SDC.1 and FDP_SDI.2 address the
                        protection of user data in the specified memory areas against compromise and
                        manipulation. The security functional requirements required to meet the security
                        objectives O.Leak-Inherent, O.Phys-Probing, O.Malfunction, O.Phys-Manipulation and
                        O.Leak-Forced also protect the cryptographic algorithms, the integrity support of data
                        stored in EEPROM and the memory access/separation control function as well as the
                        access control to Special Function Register implemented according to the security
                        functional requirement FCS_COP.1[TDES], FCS_CKM.4[TDES], FCS_COP.1[AES],
                        FCS_CKM.4[AES], FDP_SDI.2[HW], FDP_SDI.2[FW], FDP_SDI.2[EEPROM],
                        FDP_SDI.2[RAM], FDP_SDI.2[ROM], FDP_SDC.1[EEPROM], FDP_SDC.1[RAM], and
                        FDP_ACC.1[MEM], FDP_ACC.1[SFR] with reference to the Access Control Policies
                        defined in FDP_ACF.1[MEM] and FDP_ACF.1[SFR]. Therefore, these security functional
                        requirements support the secure implementation and operation of FCS_COP.1[TDES],
                        FCS_CKM.4[TDES], FCS_COP.1[AES], FCS_CKM.4[AES] and of FDP_ACC.1 with
                        FDP_ACF.1 as well as the dependent security functional requirements.
                        A hardware platform including the IC Dedicated Software requires Security IC Embedded
                        Software to build a secure product. Thereby the Security IC Embedded Software must
                        support the security functionality of the hardware as well as the IC Dedicated Support
                        Software and implement a sufficient management of the security services implemented
                        by the hardware platform including the IC Dedicated Software. The realisation of the
                        Security Functional Requirements within the P6022y VB provides a good balance
                        between flexible configuration and restrictions to ensure a secure behaviour of the
                        P6022y VB.




P6022y VB                              All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation document                                    Rev. 2.1 — 6 April 2018
PUBLIC                                                                                                                                        75 / 101
NXP Semiconductors
                                                                                                                     P6022y VB
                                                                                                                     Security Target Lite


7       TOE Summary Specification
                        This chapter is composed of sections “Portions of the TOE Security Functionality” and
                        “TOE Summary Specification Rationale”.


                 7.1 Portions of the TOE Security Functionality
                        The TOE Security Functionality (TSF) directly corresponds to the TOE security functional
                        requirements defined in Section 6. The Security Functionality provided by the TOE
                        P6022y VB is split into Security Services (SS) and Security Features (SF). Both are
                        active and applicable to phases 4 to 7 of the Security IC product life-cycle.
                        Note: Parts of the security functionality are configured at the end of phase 3 and all
                        security functionality is active after phase 3 or phase 4 depending on the delivery form.
                        The TOE also comprises security mechanisms, which are not listed as security
                        functionality in the following. Such mechanisms do not implement a complete Security
                        Services or Security Features. They can be used to implement further Security Services
                        and/or Security Features based on Security IC Embedded Software using these security
                        mechanisms, e.g. the Fame2 coprocessor for asymmetric cryptographic algorithms.


               7.1.1 Security Services of the TOE

              7.1.1.1   NXP Secure Smart Card Controller P6022y VB
                        SS.RNG: Random Number Generator
                        The Random Number Generator continuously produces random numbers with a
                        length of one byte. The P6022y VB implements SS.RNG by means of a physical
                        hardware Random Number Generator working stable within the valid ranges of operating
                        conditions, which are guaranteed by SF.OPC.
                        The TSF provides a hardware test functionality, which can be used by the Security
                        IC Embedded Software to hardware detects or bad quality of the produced random
                        numbers.
                        According to AIS31 [7] the Random Number Generator claims the functionality class
                        PTG2. This means that the Random Number Generator is suitable for generation of
                        signature key pairs, generation of session keys for symmetric encryption mechanisms,
                        random padding bits, zero-knowledge proofs, the generation of seeds for DRNGs and
                        fulfils the online test requirements defined in [7].
                        SS.TDES: Triple-DES coprocessor
                        The P6022y VB provides the Triple Data Encryption Standard (Triple-DES) according
                        to the Data Encryption Standard (DES) [23]. SS.TDES is a modular basic cryptographic
                        function, which provides the Triple-DES algorithm as defined by NIST SP 800-67 [23]
                        by means of a hardware coprocessor and supports (a) the 3-key Triple-DES algorithm
                        according to keying option 1 and (b) the 2-key Triple-DES algorithm according to keying
                        option 2 in NIST SP 800-67 [23]. The two/three 56-bit keys (112-/168-bit) for the 2-key/3-
                        key Triple-DES algorithm shall be provided by the Security IC Embedded Software.
                        SS.TDES also supports hardware XOR-operation of two data blocks to support chaining
                        modes of the encryption of Triple-DES if this is configured by the Security IC Embedded


P6022y VB                               All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation document                                     Rev. 2.1 — 6 April 2018
PUBLIC                                                                                                                                         76 / 101
NXP Semiconductors
                                                                                                                    P6022y VB
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite


                        Software. Note that the hardware support for the CBC mode of SS.TDES is limited to
                        encryption.
                        SS.AES: AES coprocessor
                        The P6022y VB provides the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) algorithm according
                        to the Advanced Encryption Standard as defined by FIPS PUB 197 [20]. SS.AES is a
                        modular basic cryptographic function, which provides the AES algorithm by means of a
                        hardware coprocessor and supports the AES algorithm with three different key lengths of
                        128, 192 or 256 bit. The keys for the AES algorithm shall be provided by the Security IC
                        Embedded Software.
                        SS.AES also supports hardware XOR-operation of two data blocks to support chaining
                        modes of the encryption of AES if this is configured by the Security IC Embedded
                        Software. Note that the hardware support for the CBC mode of SS.AES is limited to
                        encryption.
                        SS.RECONFIG: Post Delivery Configuration
                        SS.RECONFIG realizes the Post Delivery Configuration. The Hardware Post Delivery
                        Configuration can be used by the customer to set the accessible size of the EEPROM
                        and CXRAM and to enable or disable the Fame2 coprocessor, the AES coprocessor
                        and the contactless interface. The configuration values of the Hardware Post Delivery
                        Configuration options are stored in a special area in the Security Row (see SF.COMP).
                        Note that if the Fame2 coprocessor and the AES coprocessor are disabled, both will no
                        longer be available to the Security IC Embedded Software and attempting to use it will
                        raise an exception. This means the availability of SS.AES is configurable.
                        The customer can change the values of Hardware Post Delivery Configuration through
                        invoking the Hardware Post Delivery Configuration functionality in Firmware Operating
                        System (see SF.MEM_ACC). This functionality is invoked by using the FVEC interface
                        (FVEC0.15).
                        The customer can change these values as many times as he wishes. However, once he
                        calls this Firmware Operating System using FVEC0.15 with a certain parameter set to a
                        specific value, the options are locked permanently, and can no longer be changed. The
                        options must be locked before the P6022y VB is delivered to the customer before phase
                        7 of the Security IC product life-cycle.


               7.1.2 Security Features
                        In this section, the security features of the TOE P6022y VB are described.


              7.1.2.1   NXP Secure Smart Card Controller P6022y VB
                        SF.OPC: Control of Operating Conditions
                        SF.OPC ensures correct operation of the P6022y VB (functions offered by the
                        microcontroller including the standard CPU as well as the Triple-DES coprocessor, AES
                        coprocessor, the arithmetic coprocessor, the memories, registers, I/O interfaces and the
                        other system peripherals) during execution of the IC Dedicated Support Software and
                        Security IC Embedded Software. This includes all security mechanisms of the P6022y
                        VB, which directly contribute to a Security Service or a Security Feature.
                        The P6022y VB ensures its correct operation and prevents any malfunction using the
                        following mechanisms: filtering of power supply, clock frequency and reset input as well
                        as monitoring of voltage supply, clock frequency input and the temperature of the chip
P6022y VB                              All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation document                                    Rev. 2.1 — 6 April 2018
PUBLIC                                                                                                                                        77 / 101
NXP Semiconductors
                                                                                                                   P6022y VB
                                                                                                                   Security Target Lite


                      by means of sensors. There are multiple voltage and frequency sensors for the different
                      ISO/IEC 7816 voltage classes and the contactless operation mode. Light sensors are
                      distributed over the chip surface and used to detect light attacks. In addition to the light
                      sensors the EEPROM provides two functions to detect light attacks. The Security IC
                      Embedded Software can enable/disable the EEPROM double read function.
                      Specific functional units of the P6022y VB are equipped with further fault injection
                      detection. This comprises the Secure Fetch for the processing of code and data by the
                      CPU or special circuitry within a functional unit. The functional units are the Program
                      Counter, the stack pointer, the CPU control register, the MMU address cache and control
                      registers, the SBC interface for the Triple-DES and the AES coprocessors, the Fame2
                      coprocessor, Copy Machine control registers and hardware configuration as well as test
                      control registers. Furthermore the P6022y VB contains a watchdog timer which can be
                      enabled and configured by the Security IC Embedded Software to protect the program
                      execution.
                      If one of the monitored parameters is out of the specified range, either (i) a reset is forced
                      and the actually running program is aborted or (ii) an exception is raised which interrupts
                      the program flow and allows a reaction of the Security IC Embedded Software. In case
                      minor configuration option “Inverse EEPROM Error Correction” is enabled (see Section
                      1.4.2.2) the probability to detect fault injection attack detectors at the EEPROM memory
                      and interface increases and the error correction logic raises an exception when detecting
                      an error. The RAM memory is equipped with additional parity bits which are checked
                      when the corresponding data stored in RAM is read. Additionally a RAM parity watchdog
                      mechanism is supported which checks the parity bits of the complete RAM in random
                      order when the Security IC Embedded Software is not accessing the RAM. In case of
                      detected RAM parity attack detectors both mechanisms trigger a security reset. In case
                      the P6022y VB processes a reset all components of the P6022y VB are initialised with
                      their reset values and the P6022y VB provides a reset cause indicator to the Security IC
                      Embedded Software. In the case an exception is raised an indicator for the reason of the
                      exception is provided. The P6022y VB defends the sensors from being disabled by the
                      Security IC Embedded Software.
                      The P6022y VB controls the specified range of the stack pointer. The stack pointer and
                      the related control logic are implemented threefold for the User Mode, System Mode
                      and Super System Mode (comprising Boot Mode, Test Mode and Firmware Mode). An
                      exception is generated in case the specified limits are exceeded.
                      In addition, SF.OPC comprises a sensor, which checks the high voltage of the write
                      process to the EEPROM during each write sequence. The result of this sensor must
                      be read from a Special Function Register and does not force an automatic event (e.g.
                      exception).
                      SF.PHY: Protection against Physical Manipulation
                      SF.PHY protects the P6022y VB against manipulation of (i) the IC hardware, (ii) the
                      IC Dedicated Software in ROM, (iii) the Security IC Embedded Software in ROM and
                      EEPROM, (iv) the Application Data in EEPROM and RAM including TSF data in the
                      Security Rows. It also protects User Data and TSF data against disclosure by physical
                      probing when stored or while being processed by the P6022y VB.
                      The protection of the P6022y VB comprises several security mechanisms in design and
                      construction, which make reverse-engineering and tamper attacks more difficult. These
                      mechanisms comprise dedicated shielding techniques for the P6022y VB and specific
                      encryption- and check mechanisms for the memories and internal buses. SF.PHY
                      supports the efficiency of other portions of the security functionality.

P6022y VB                             All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation document                                   Rev. 2.1 — 6 April 2018
PUBLIC                                                                                                                                       78 / 101
NXP Semiconductors
                                                                                                                  P6022y VB
                                                                                                                  Security Target Lite


                      SF.PHY also supports the integrity of the EEPROM, RAM and the ROM. The EEPROM
                      is able to correct a 1-bit error within each byte. The EEPROM corrects these attack
                      detectors automatically without user interaction. The RAM and the ROM provide a parity
                      check. In both cases a reset is forced based on a parity error.
                      The CRC coprocessor is used in Boot Mode by the IC dedicated Software for calculation
                      of a CRC checksum for integrity protection of TSF data.
                      SF.PUF: User Data Protection using PUF
                      SF.PUF implements a mechanism to seal/unseal the user data stored in shared
                      memory against unintended disclosure. SF.PUF encrypts/decrypts the user data with
                      a cryptographic key derived from the PUF data. SF.PUF calculates a MAC as a PUF
                      authentication value. SF.PUF provides this sealing/unsealing mechanism through the
                      specified interfaces FVEC2 (see Fig. 2) only.
                      SF.LOG: Logical Protection
                      SF.LOG implements security mechanisms to limit or eliminate the information in the
                      shape and amplitude of signals or in the time between events, which might be found by
                      measuring such signals. This comprises the power supply, signals on other pads, which
                      are not intentionally used for communication by the terminal or the Security IC Embedded
                      Software as well as emanation of the hardware platform. Thereby SF.LOG prevents from
                      disclosure of User Data and TSF data stored and/or processed in the Security IC through
                      measurement of power consumption or emanation and subsequent complex signal
                      analysis. This protection of the P6022y VB is enforced by several security mechanisms in
                      the design, which support these portions of security functionality.
                      The Triple-DES coprocessor includes specific security mechanisms to prevent SPA/
                      DPA analysis of shape and amplitude of the power consumption and emanation. The
                      implementation of the Triple-DES coprocessor further ensures that the calculation time is
                      independent from the chosen key value and plain/cipher text.
                      The AES coprocessor includes specific security mechanisms to prevent SPA/DPA
                      analysis of shape and amplitude of the power consumption and emanation. The
                      implementation of the AES coprocessor further ensures that the calculation time is
                      independent from the chosen key any plain/cipher text for a given key length.
                      The Fame2 coprocessor provides measures to prevent timing attacks on basic modular
                      function. The calculation time of an operation depends on the lengths of the operands,
                      but not on the value of the operands, with the following exceptions: multiplication with
                      reduction, modular inversion and modular division. These three operations have no
                      constant timing due to correction cycles that are needed based on the calculation
                      method. In addition, mechanisms are included, which provide limitations of the capability
                      for the analysis of shape and amplitude of the power consumption. Of course the Fame2
                      coprocessor does not realise an algorithm on its own and algorithm-specific leakage
                      countermeasures have to be added by the Security IC Embedded Software when using
                      the Fame2 coprocessor.
                      Additional security mechanisms can be configured by the Security IC Embedded
                      Software. This comprises the configuration of the clock that can be used to prevent the
                      synchronisation between internal operations and external clock or characteristics of the
                      power consumption that can be used as trigger signal to support leakage attacks (DPA or
                      timing attacks)
                      Some mechanisms described for SF.PHY (e.g. the encryption mechanisms) and for
                      SF.OPC (e.g. the filter mechanisms) support SF.LOG.
                      SF.COMP: Protection of Mode Control
P6022y VB                            All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation document                                  Rev. 2.1 — 6 April 2018
PUBLIC                                                                                                                                      79 / 101
NXP Semiconductors
                                                                                                                   P6022y VB
                                                                                                                   Security Target Lite


                      SF.COMP provides control of the CPU mode for (i) Boot Mode, (ii) Test Mode and
                      (iii) Firmware Mode. This includes protection of electronic fuses stored in a protected
                      memory area, the so-called Security Rows, and the possibility to store initialisation or
                      pre-personalisation data in the so-called FabKey Area.
                      Control of the CPU mode for Boot Mode, Test Mode and Firmware Mode prevents abuse
                      of test functions after TOE delivery. It also inhibits abuse of features, which are used
                      during start-up or reset to configure the P6022y VB.
                      The integrity control of electronic fuses ensures secure storage and setup of
                      configuration and calibration data, during the start-up in Boot Mode. The protection
                      of electronic fuses especially ensures that configuration options with regard to the
                      security functionality cannot be changed, abused or influenced in any way. The transfer
                      of the content of the electronic fuses into the related hardware configuration registers
                      is protected by a CRC checksum generated using the CRC coprocessor. SF.COMP
                      ensures that activation or deactivation of security mechanisms cannot be influenced by
                      the Security IC Embedded Software so that the TSF provides self-protection against
                      interference and tampering by untrusted Security IC Embedded Software.
                      SF.COMP protects CPU mode switches regarding Boot Mode, Test Mode and Firmware
                      Mode in the following way: Switching from Boot Mode to Test Mode or Firmware Mode is
                      allowed, switching from these modes back to Boot Mode is prevented. Switching to Test
                      Mode is prevented as well after TOE delivery, because Test Mode then is permanently
                      disabled. SF.COMP also ensures that Boot Mode is active only in the boot phase during
                      start-up or reset of the P6022y VB, and cannot be invoked afterwards. Therefore, once
                      the P6022y VB has left the test phase and each time the P6022y VB completed start-up
                      or reset, Firmware Mode is the only Super System Mode available.
                      The TSF controls access to the Security Rows, the top-most 512 Bytes of the EEPROM
                      memory, accessible at reserved addresses in the memory map. The available EEPROM
                      memory space for the Security IC Embedded Software is reduced by this area.
                      SF.COMP provides three memory areas in the Security Rows, which can be used by the
                      Security IC Embedded Software. These are
                      • the User Read Only Area
                      • the User Write Protected Area and
                      • the User Write Once Area.
                      The User Read Only Area contains 32 bytes, which are read-only for the Security IC
                      Embedded Software. The User Write Protected area contains 16 bytes, which can be
                      write-protected by the Security IC Embedded Software on demand. The User Write Once
                      Area contains 32 bytes of which each bit can separately be set to ‘1’ once only, and not
                      reset to ‘0’.
                      SF.COMP also provides a memory area in the Security Row where the current values
                      for the Post Delivery Configuration (see SS.RECONFIG). This area cannot be accessed
                      by the Security IC Embedded Software, but it can be accessed by the Resource
                      Configuration Firmware.
                      If minor configuration option “Card Disable” feature is used (refer to section 1.4.2.2)
                      SF.COMP inhibits any start-up of the Security IC Embedded Software once the Security
                      IC Embedded Software disables the card.
                      If minor configuration option “EEPROM application content erase” is used (see Section
                      1.4.2.2) SF.COMP erases the application data stored in the EEPROM once the Security
                      IC Embedded Software has activated this security feature.


P6022y VB                             All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation document                                   Rev. 2.1 — 6 April 2018
PUBLIC                                                                                                                                       80 / 101
NXP Semiconductors
                                                                                                                  P6022y VB
                                                                                                                  Security Target Lite


                      SF.COMP also provides the FabKey Area where initialisation and identification data can
                      be stored. The FabKey area does not belong to the Security Rows and is not protected
                      by hardware mechanisms. The FabKey Area as well as the Security Rows can be used
                      by SF.COMP to store a unique identification for each die.
                      The complete EEPROM is initialized during wafer testing and pre-personalisation. The
                      values for the Security Row depend on the configuration options and choice of the
                      Security IC Embedded Software developer. The values for the application EEPROM
                      depend on the choice of the Security IC Embedded Software developer and are
                      included in the Order Entry Form. The User Write Protected Area and the User Write
                      Once Area are designed to store the identification of a (fully personalised) Security IC
                      (e.g. smartcard) or a sequence of events over the life-cycle, that can be coded by an
                      increasing number of bits set to "one" or protecting bytes, respectively.
                      SF.COMP limits the capabilities of the test functions and provides test personnel during
                      phase 3 with the capability to store identification and/or pre-personalisation data and/or
                      supplements of the Security IC Embedded Software in the EEPROM. SF.COMP provides
                      self-protection against interference and tampering by untrusted subjects both in the Test
                      Mode and in the other modes. It also enforces the separation of domains regarding the
                      IC Dedicated Software and the Security IC Embedded Software.
                      SF.MEM_ACC: Memory Access Control
                      SF.MEM_ACC controls access of any subject (program code comprising processor
                      instructions) to the memories of the P6022y VB through the Memory Management Unit.
                      Memory access is based on virtual addresses that are mapped to physical addresses.
                      The CPU always uses virtual addresses. The Memory Management Unit performs the
                      translation from virtual to physical addresses and the physical addresses are passed
                      from the Memory Management Unit to the memory interfaces to access the memories.
                      Access control is conducted in two ways:
                      • Memory partitioning: Each memory type ROM, RAM and EEPROM is partitioned into
                        two parts. In Boot Mode and Firmware Mode the CPU has access to the Firmware
                        EEPROM, Firmware RAM and Test-ROM. In System Mode and User Mode the CPU
                        has access to the Application EEPROM, Application RAM and Application ROM.
                        Access to both parts of each type is allowed in Test Mode for testing.
                      • Memory segmentation in User Mode: The three accessible parts of the memory in
                        ROM, RAM and EEPROM can be segmented into smaller memory areas. Access
                        rights (read/write or execute) can be defined for these segments. The operation read
                        and write are considered as one kind of operation, if one is allowed, so is the other.
                        However, in general the access to a segment can be denied.
                        In addition, access rights to Special Function Registers related to hardware
                        components can be defined for code executed in User Mode.
                      Memory partitioning is fixed and cannot be changed. It is determined during
                      production of the P6022y VB and is solely dependent on the major configuration (see
                      Section 1.4.2.1.1) and Post Delivery Configuration (see Section 1.4.2.3.1).
                      Memory segmentation can be defined in System Mode. The segmentation is active when
                      the CPU switches to User Mode. The segments, their access rights and the access
                      rights to Special Function Registers related to hardware components are defined in the
                      MMU Segment Table. The MMU Segment Table stores five values for each segment:
                      The memory access rights, the virtual start address of the segment, the virtual end
                      address of the segment, the address offset for the segment and the access rights to
                      Special Function Registers for code that is executed in the segment. The address offset
                      is used to relocate the segment anywhere in the memory map. The resulting address
                      computed by the Memory Management Unit can not overrule memory partitioning. Up
P6022y VB                            All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation document                                  Rev. 2.1 — 6 April 2018
PUBLIC                                                                                                                                      81 / 101
NXP Semiconductors
                                                                                                                  P6022y VB
                                                                                                                  Security Target Lite


                      to 64 segments can be defined in the MMU Segment Table. Special configurations of
                      the memory access rights allow to specify less than 64 segments and to split the MMU
                      Segment Table into several parts being stored at different locations in memory.
                      Note that the MMU Segment Table itself is stored in the memory and therefore the table
                      itself can be placed in a segment accessible in User Mode.
                      In addition, SF.MEM_ACC permanently checks whether accessed addresses point to
                      physically implemented memory. Any access outside the boundaries of the physical
                      implemented memory in all CPU modes except the Test Mode and access to forbidden
                      memory addresses in User Mode are notified by raising an exception.
                      The Memory Management Unit also handles access rights to Special Function Registers
                      related to hardware components for code running in Firmware Mode. The configuration
                      of the access rights for User Mode and Firmware Mode are used by SF.SFR_ACC to
                      grant or block access to the related Special Function Registers. The access rights can
                      be defined for up to 16 groups of Special Function Registers, which are related to 16
                      hardware peripherals or memories described in [9], section 12.4. Thus, User Mode
                      and Firmware Mode can be restricted in their access to the Special Function Registers
                      related to hardware components on demand of the Security IC Embedded Software.
                      Note that SF.MEM_ACC only provides the access rights to SF.SFR_ACC, the access
                      control is enforced by SF.SFR_ACC.
                      SF.SFR_ACC: Special Function Register Access Control
                      SF.SFR_ACC controls access to the Special Function Registers and CPU mode
                      switches based on specific Special Function Register. SF.SFR_ACC implements access
                      control to the Special Function Registers as specified in the Access Control Policy and
                      the Security Functional Requirements FDP_ACC.1[SFR] and FDP_ACF.1[SFR].
                      The function of the Special Function Register and the CPU mode determine, whether
                      read and/or write access to a Special Function Register is allowed or not. Key registers
                      cannot be read since they are write-only to support the confidentiality of keys. Write
                      access is granted depending on the CPU mode. Similar for the output register of the
                      Random Number Generator, which is read-only based on its function, and read access is
                      granted based on the CPU mode.
                      SF.SFR_ACC controls accesses to Special Function Registers. If the access is not
                      allowed or the Special Function Register addressed by the code is not implemented an
                      exception is triggered. The Security IC Embedded Software can react on this exception.
                      Some Special Function Registers are implemented threefold, one for User Mode, a
                      second one for System Mode and a third one for Super System Mode meaning Boot
                      Mode, Test Mode and Firmware Mode. Hence, such Special Function Registers are
                      inherently separated and enforce the separation between the CPU modes.
                      SF.SFR_ACC relies on access rights to Special Function Registers related to hardware
                      components, which are provided by SF.MEM_ACC. Access rights to all other Special
                      Function Registers are pre-defined and cannot be configured by the code running on the
                      hardware platform.
                      This implies that code running in User Mode or Firmware Mode is not able to use
                      SS.RNG, SS.TDES, and SS.AES until access to the respective group of Special Function
                      Registers is explicitly granted by code running in System Mode. This holds for all 16
                      hardware components, which are controlled by the 16 groups of Special Function
                      Registers related to hardware components.
                      SF.SFR_ACC also implements transitions among CPU modes based on specific Special
                      Function Register.
P6022y VB                            All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation document                                  Rev. 2.1 — 6 April 2018
PUBLIC                                                                                                                                      82 / 101
NXP Semiconductors
                                                                                                                  P6022y VB
                                                                                                                  Security Target Lite


                      The CPU mode changes by the following operations.
                      • Call of a system call vector (SVEC) address or a firmware vector (FVEC) address. A
                        call of a SVEC enables System Mode, a call of a FVEC sets enables Firmware Mode.
                        Calls of SVEC addresses are allowed in User Mode only, otherwise an exception is
                        raised.
                      • Execution of an exception or interrupt. Any event that leads to the execution of an
                        exception leads to a special status of the related CPU mode. Any further exception in
                        this special status forces a reset. Interrupts can be executed in User Mode or in System
                        Mode as well as in Firmware Mode. The Security IC Embedded Software running in
                        System Mode can configure this option at run time.
                      • Return from an exception/interrupt or vector call with a RETI instruction. This restores
                        the CPU mode before the event occurred. A RETI in User Mode is allowed only in case
                        interrupts are allowed to be executed in User Mode and an interrupt is actually active,
                        otherwise an exception is raised.
                      • Execution of an LCALL/ACALL/ECALL instruction to a specific address. A call of
                        address 0x800000 in System Mode enables User Mode and starts execution at this
                        (virtual) address. This is similar to a FVEC or SVEC call, but no return address is
                        pushed onto the stack.
                      • Direct modification of the specific Special Function Register. Hardware provided by
                        SF.SFR_ACC ensures that the bits can only be cleared. Therefore it is not possible
                        for code running in User Mode to enter System Mode, but System Mode can switch to
                        User Mode.
                      Two CPU modes are available to the Security IC Embedded Software, which are System
                      Mode and User Mode. System Mode is the more privileged CPU mode since it allows
                      access to all Special Function Registers related to hardware components and for system
                      management (i.e. configuration of Memory Management Unit, clock settings and some
                      mechanisms provided by SF.LOG). User Mode is the less privileged, but in regard to
                      hardware components it can be made as powerful as System Mode.
                      SF.SFR_ACC and SF.COMP together ensure that other CPU modes are not available
                      to the Security IC Embedded Software, but reserved for specific purposes fulfilled by the
                      IC Dedicated Software. As described above, SF.MEM_ACC provides the access control
                      information to Special Function Registers related to hardware components in Firmware
                      Mode and User Mode.
                      SF.FFW: Firmware Firewall
                      SF.FFW (Protected Firmware Mode) implements a mechanism to protect the application
                      data of the different firmware applications (NXP firmware functionality) running in
                      Firmware Mode by means of a firewall separating the application data between each
                      other. The firewall mechanism is based on the security features SF.MEM_ACC and
                      SF.SFR_ACC.
                      SF.FIRMWARE: Firmware Support
                      SF.FIRMWARE (Firmware Operating System) implements specific basic support
                      functionality for the Security IC Embedded Software. The basic support functionality is
                      implemented in a way that the protection and separation of the different type of User
                      Data is enforced. The security feature SF.FIRMWARE is based on the security features
                      SF.MEM_ACC, SF.SFR_ACC and SF.FFW.




P6022y VB                            All informatio
                                    data                                             authentication procedure.
                                    Authentication verification                      Data used to prove the claimed identity in an
                                    data                                             authentication procedure.
                                    Composite Product                                Role installing or finalizing the IC Security IC Embedded
                                    Integrator                                       Software and the applications on platform transforming
                                                                                     the TOE into the unpersonalized Composite Product
                                                                                     after TOE delivery. The TOE Manufacturer may
                                                                                     implement IC Security IC Embedded Software delivered
                                                                                     by the Security IC Embedded Software Developer
                                                                                     before TOE delivery (e.g. if the IC Security IC Embedded
                                                                                     Software is implemented in ROM or is stored in the
                                                                                     non-volatile memory as service provided by the IC
                                                                                     Manufacturer or IC Packaging Manufacturer).
                                    Composite Product                                The Composite Product Manufacturer has the following
                                    Manufacturer                                     roles (i) the Security IC Embedded Software Developer
                                                                                     (Phase 1), (ii) the Composite Product Integrator (Phase
                                                                                     5) and (iii) the Personalizer (Phase 6). If the TOE is
                                                                                     delivered after Phase 3 in form of wafers or sawn
                                                                                     wafers (dice) he has the role of the IC Packaging
                                                                                     Manufacturer (Phase 4) in addition. The customer of the
                                                                                     TOE Manufacturer who receives the TOE during TOE
                                                                                     Delivery. The Composite Product Manufacturer includes
                                                                                     the Security IC Embedded Software developer and all
                                                                                     roles after TOE Delivery up to Phase 6 (refer to Figure 2
                                                                                     on page 10 and Section 7.1.1).
                                    End-consumer                                     User of the Composite Product in Phase 7.
                                    IC Dedicated Software                            IC proprietary software embedded in a Security IC
                                                                                     (also known as IC firmware) and developed by the IC
                                                                                     Developer. Such software is required for testing purpose
                                                                                     (IC Dedicated Test Software) but may provide additional
Crypto Library Cobalt on N7021 VA                   All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2019. All rights reserved.

Product evaluation document                                         Rev. 2.3 — 5 June 2019
PUBLIC                                                                                                                                                       27 / 35
NXP Semiconductors                             The supported key length are 224, 256, 320, 384, 512 and 521 bits.
                                    SS.ECDSA supports the following standard     curves: ansix9p224r1, ansix9p256r1,
                                    ansix9p384r1 and ansix9p521r1 from ANSI X9.62 [21], brainpoolP224r1,
                                    brainpoolP224t1, brainpoolP256r1, brainpoolP256t1, brainpoolP320r1, brainpoolP320t1,
                                    brainpoolP384r1, brainpoolP384t1, brainpoolP512r1 and brainpoolP512t1 from RFC
                                    5639 [23], and ANSSI FRP256v1 [24] curves.
                                    Attack resistance for this security functionality is discussed in Security architectural
                                    information.
                                    This security functionality covers:
                                    • FCS_COP.1/ECDSA
                                    The TOE further provides functions to perform a full ECC point addition as well as a basic
                                    curve parameter check for EC domain parameter. These functionalities are additionally
                                    assessed by the ITSEF performing the evaluation.

                         7.1.1.5 SS.ECC_DHKE

                                    The TOE provides functions to perform Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange according to ISO/
                                    IEC 11770-3:2015 [15], ANSI X9.63 [22] and IEEE Std 1363™-2000 [20]
                                    The supported key length are 224, 256, 320, 384, 512 and 521 bits.
                                    SS.ECC_DHKE supports the following standard curves: ansix9p224r1, ansix9p256r1,
                                    ansix9p384r1 and ansix9p521r1 from ANSI X9.62 [21], brainpoolP224r1,
                                    brainpoolP224t1, brainpoolP256r1, brainpoolP256t1, brainpoolP320r1, brainpoolP320t1,


Crypto Library Cobalt on N7021 VA                   All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2019. All rights reserved.

Product evaluation document                                         Rev. 2.3 — 5 June 2019
PUBLIC                                                                                                                                                       25 / 35
NXP Semiconductors                                                                                             Crypto Library Cobalt on N7021 VA
                                                                                                                                 Security Target Lite



                                    brainpoolP384r1, brainpoolP384t1, brainpoolP512r1 and brainpoolP512t1 from RFC
                                    5639 [23], and ANSSI FRP256v1 [24] curves.
                                    Attack resistance for this security functionality is discussed in Security architectural
                                    information.
                                    This security functionality covers:
                                    • FCS_COP.1/ECC_DHKE

                         7.1.1.6 SS.RSA_KeyGen

                                    The TOE provides functions to generate RSA key pairs as described in PKCS #1, v2.2,
                                    and FIPS 186-4 [17].
                                    It supports various key lengths from 512 bits to 4096 bits.
                                    Two different output formats for the key parameters are supported by the TOE, namely
                                    the "Simple Straight Forward Method" (RSA "straight forward") and RSA using the
                                    "Chinese Remainder Theorem" (RSA CRT).
                                    Attack resistance for this security functionality is discussed in Security architectural
                                    information.
                                    This security functionality covers:
                                    • FCS_CKM.1/RSA

                         7.1.1.7 SS.ECC_KeyGen

                                    The TOE provides functions to perform ECC over GF(p) Key Generation according to
                                    ISO/IEC 14888-3:2015 [18], ANSI X9.62 [21] and FIPS PUB 186-4 [17].
                                    The supported key length are 224, 256, 320, 384, 512 and 521 bits.
                                    SS.ECC_KeyGen supports the following standard curves: ansix9p224r1, ansix9p256r1,
                                    ansix9p384r1 and ansix9p521r1 from ANSI X9.62 [21], brainpoolP224r1,
                                    brainpoolP224t1, brainpoolP256r1, brainpoolP256t1, brainpoolP320r1, brainpoolP320t1,
                                    brainpoolP384r1, brainpoolP384t1, brainpoolP512r1 and brainpoolP512t1 from RFC
                                    5639 [23], and ANSSI FRP256v1 [24] curves.
                                    Attack resistance for this security functionality is discussed in Security architectural
                                    information.
                                    This security functionality covers:
                                    • FCS_CKM.1/ECC

                         7.1.1.8 SS.SHA

                                    The TOE implements functions to compute the Secure Hash Algorithms SHA-1,
                                    SHA-224, SHA-256, SHA-384 and SHA-512 according to the standard FIPS 180-4 [16]
                                    Attack resistance for this security functionality is discussed in Security architectural
                                    information.
                                    This security functionality covers:
                                    • FCS_COP.1/SHA




Crypto Library Cobalt on N7021 VA                   All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2019. All rights reserved.

Product evaluation document                                         Rev. 2.3 — 5 June 2019
PUBLIC                                                                                                                                                       26 / 35
NXP Semiconductors                                                                                             Crypto Library Cobalt on N7021 VA
                                                                                                                                 Security Target Lite



8         Annexes

                              8.1 Further Information contained in the PP
                                    The Annex of the Protection Profile ([5], chapter 7) provides further information. Section
                                    7.1 of the PP describes the development and production process of smartcards,
                                    containing a detailed life-cycle description and a description of the assets of the
                                    Integrated Circuits Des Remediation (ALC_FLR) and CC certificates for Protection
Profiles and for collaborative Protection Profiles (cPP).
The current list of signatory nations and approved certification schemes can be seen on
the website: https://www.commoncriteriaportal.org.
The Common Criteria Recognition Arrangement logo printed on the certificate indicates
that this certification is recognised under the terms of this agreement by the related bodies
of the signatory nations. A disclaimer beneath the logo indicates the specific scope of
recognition.
This certificate is recognized according to the rules of CCRA-2014, i. e. up to and including
CC part 3 EAL 2+ ALC_FLR components.

4
     Proclamation of the Bundesministerium des Innern of 12 February 2007 in the Bundesanzeiger dated
     23 February 2007, p. 3730



                                                                                                    7 / 33
Certification Report                                                       BSI-DSZ-CC-0879-V4-2020




4.      Performance of Evaluation and Certification
The certification body monitors each individual evaluation to ensure a uniform procedure, a
uniform interpretation of the criteria and uniform ratings.
The product Infineon Security Controller M7893 B11 with optional RSA2048/4096
v2.03.008, EC v2.03.008, SHA-2 v1.01, SCL v2.02.010 libraries and Toolbox v2.03.008
and with specific IC dedicated software (firmware), has undergone the certification
procedure at BSI. This is a re-certification based on BSI-DSZ-CC-0879-V3-2018. Specific
results from the evaluation process BSI-DSZ-CC-0879-V3-2018 were re-used.
The evaluation of the product Infineon Security Controller M7893 B11 with optional
RSA2048/4096 v2.03.008, EC v2.03.008, SHA-2 v1.01, SCL v2.02.010 libraries and
Toolbox v2.03.008 and with specific IC dedicated software (firmware), was conducted by
TÜV Informationstechnik GmbH. The evaluation was completed on 11 February 2020.
TÜV Informationstechnik GmbH is an evaluation facility (ITSEF) 5 recognised by the
certification body of BSI.
For this certification procedure the sponsor and applicant is: Infineon Technologies AG.
The product was developed by: Infineon Technologies AG.
The certification is concluded with the comparability check and the production of this
Certification Report. This work was completed by the BSI.

5.      Validity of the Certification Result
This Certification Report applies only to the version of the product as indicated. The
confirmed assurance package is valid on the condition that
●   all stipulations regarding generation, configuration and operation, as given in the
    following report, are observed,
●   the product is operated in the environment described, as specified in the following report
    and in the Security Target.
For the meaning of the assurance components and assurance levels please refer to CC
itself. Detailed references are listed in part C of this report.
The Certificate issued confirms the assurance of the product claimed in the Security Target
at the date of certification. As attack methods evolve over time, the resistance of the
certified version of the product against new attack methods needs to be re-assessed.
Therefore, the sponsor should apply for the certified product being monitored within the
assurance continuity program of the BSI Certification Scheme (e.g. by a re-assessment or
re-certification). Specifically, if results of the certification are used in subsequent evaluation
and certification procedures, in a system integration process or if a user's risk
management needs regularly updated results, it is recommended to perform a re-
assessment on a regular e.g. annual basis.
In order to avoid an indefinite usage of the certificate when evolved attack methods would
require a re-assessment of the products resistance to state of the art attack methods, the
maximum validity of the certificate has been limited. The certificate issued on 12 February
2020 is valid until 11 February 2025. Validity can be re-newed by re-certification.
The owner of the certificate is obliged:

5
     Information Technology Security Evaluation Facility



                                                                                             8 / 33
BSI-DSZ-CC-0879-V4-2020                                                        Certification Report




     1. when advertising the certificate or the fact of the product's certification, to refer to
        the Certification Report as well as to provide the Certification Report, the Security
        Target and user guidance documentation mentioned herein to any customer of the
        product for the application and usage of the certified product,
     2. to inform the Certification Body at BSI immediately about vulnerabilities of the
        product that have been identified by the developer or any third party after issuance
        of the certificate,
     3. to inform the Certification Body at BSI immediately in the case that security relevant
        changes in the evaluated life cycle, e.g. related to development and production sites
        or processes, occur, or the confidentiality of documentation and information related
        to the Target of Evaluation (TOE) or resulting from the evaluation and certification
        procedure where the certification of the product has assumed this confidentiality
        being maintained, is not given any longer. In particular, prior to the dissemination of
        confidential documentation and information related to the TOE or resulting from the
        evaluation and certification procedure that do not belong to the deliverables
        according to the Certification Report part B, or for those where no dissemination
        rules have been agreed on, to third parties, the Certification Body at BSI has to be
        informed.
In case of changes to the certified version of the product, the validity can be extended to
the new versions and releases, provided the sponsor applies for assurance continuity (i.e.
re-certification or maintenance) of the modified product, in accordance with the procedural
requirements, and the evaluation does not reveal any security deficiencies.

6.      Publication
The product Infineon Security Controller M7893 B11 with optional RSA2048/4096
v2.03.008, EC v2.03.008, SHA-2 v1.01, SCL v2.02.010 libraries and Toolbox v2.03.008
and with specific IC dedicated software (firmware), has been included in the BSI list of
certified products, which is published regularly (see also Internet: https://www.bsi.bund.de
and [5]). Further information can be obtained from BSI-Infoline +49 228 9582-111.
Further copies of this Certification Report can be requested from the developer 6 of the
product. The Certification Report may also be obtained in electronic form at the internet
address stated above.




6
     Infineon Technologies AG
     Am Campeon 1-12
     85579 Neubiberg



                                                                                              9 / 33
Certification Report                                                    BSI-DSZ-CC-0879-V4-2020




B.      Certification Results
The following results represent a summary of
●   the Security Target of the sponsor for the Target of Evaluation,
●   the relevant evaluation results from the evaluation facility, and
●   complementary notes and stipulations of the certification body.




                                                                                         10 / 33
BSI-DSZ-CC-0879-V4-2020                                                           Certification Report




1.     Executive Summary
The Target of Evaluation (TOE) is an Infineon Security Controller M7893 B11 with optional
Software Library RSA2048/4096 v2.03.008, EC v2.03.008, SHA-2 v1.01, SCL v2.02.010
libraries, and Toolbox v2.03.008, as well as with specific IC dedicated software (firmware).
The TOE provides a real 16-bit CPU-architecture and is compatible to the 80251
microcontroller architecture. The major components of the core system are the two CPUs
(Central Processing Units), acting as one, the MMU (Memory Management Unit) and MED
(Memory Encryption/Decryption Unit). The dual interface controller is able to communicate
using either the contact based or the contactless interface.
The TOE consists of the hardware part, the firmware parts and the software parts.
The software parts are differentiated into the cryptographic libraries RSA, EC, and SHA-2,
symmetric cryptographic libraries and the supporting libraries Toolbox and Base. The Base
Library does not provide any specific security functionality on its own. However it is a
necessary perquisite in order to use the RSA, EC and Toolbox libraries.
This TOE is intended to be used in smart cards and other form factors for particularly
security-relevant applications and for its prevalent use as developing platform for smart
card operating systems. The term Smartcard Embedded Software is used in the following
for all operating systems and applications stored and executed on the TOE. The TOE is
the platform for the Smartcard Embedded Software.
The Security Target [6] is the basis for this certification. It is based on the certified
Protection Profile Security IC Platform Protection Profile, Version 1.0, 15 June 2007, BSI-
CC-PP-0035-2007 [8]. The TOE Security Functional Requirements are implemented by
the following TOE Security Functionality:
  TOE Security Functionality         Addressed issue
  SF_DPM                             Device Phase Management:
                                     The life cycle of the TOE is split up into several
                                     phases. Different operation modes help to protect
                                     the TOE during each phase of its lifecycle.
  SF_PS                              Protection against Snooping:
                                     The TOE uses various means to protect from
                                     snooping of memories and busses and prevents
                                     single stepping.
  SF_PMA                             Protection against Modifying Attacks:
                                     This TOE implements protection against
                                     modifying attacks of memories, alarm lines and
                                     sensors.
  SF_PLA                             Protection against Logical Attacks:
                                     The memory access control of the TOE uses a
                                     memory management unit (MMU) to control the
                                     access to the available physical memory by using
                                     virtual memory addresses and to segregate the
                                     code and data to a privilege level model. The
                                     MMU controls the address permissions of up
                                     seven privileged levels and gives the software the
                                     possibility to define different access rights. The
                                     address permissions of the privilege levels are




                                                                                                11 / 33
Certification Report                                                         BSI-DSZ-CC-0879-V4-2020




  TOE Security Functionality           Addressed issue
                                       controlled by the MMU. In case of an access
                                       violation the MMU will trigger a reset and then a
                                       trap service routine can react on the access
                                       violation.
  SF_CS                                Cryptographic Support:
                                       The TOE is equipped with several hardware
                                       accelerators and software modules to support the
                                       standard      symmetric     and       asymmetric
                                       cryptographic operations. The components are a
                                       coprocessor supporting the DES and AES
                                       algorithms and a combination of a coprocessor
                                       and software modules to support RSA
                                       cryptography, RSA key generation, ECDSA
                                       signature generation and verification, ECDH key
                                       agreement and EC public key calculation and
                                       public key testing. Furthermore, the TOE is
                                       equipped with an optional SHA-2 library and
                                       HASH module as well as well as an AIS31
                                       conformant TRNG that meets the functionality
                                       class PTG.2. In addition the optional Symmetric
                                       library (SCL) provides a high-level interface to
                                       3DES and AES symmetric cryptographic
                                       operation implemented on the symmetric
                                       hardware coprocessor.

                               Table 1: TOE Security Functionalities
For more details please refer to the Security Target [6] and [9], chapter 8.
The assets to be protected by the TOE are defined in the Security Target [6] and [9],
chapter 4.1.2. Based on these assets the TOE Security Problem is defined in terms of
Assumptions, Threats and Organisational Security Policies. This is outlined in the Security
Target [6] and [9], chapter 4.
This certification covers the configurations of the TOE as outlined in chapter 8.
The vulnerability assessment results as stated within this certificate do not include a rating
for those cryptographic algorithms and their implementation suitable for encryption and
decryption (see BSIG Section 9, Para. 4, Clause 2).
The certification results only apply to the version of the product indicated in the certificate
and on the condition that all the stipulations are kept as detailed in this Certification
Report. This certificate is not an endorsement of the IT product by the Federal Office for
Information Security (BSI) or any other organisation that recognises or gives effect to this
certificate, and no warranty of the IT product by BSI or any other organisation that
recognises or gives effect to this certificate, is either expressed or implied.

2.      Identification of the TOE
The Target of Evaluation (TOE) is called:
 Infineon Security Controller M7893 B11 with optional RSA2048/4096 v2.03.008, EC
   v2.03.008, SHA-2 v1.01, SCL v2.02.010 libraries and Toolbox v2.03.008 and with
                     specific IC dedicated software (firmware),
The following table outlines the TOE deliverables:



                                                                                              12 / 33
BSI-DSZ-CC-0879-V4-2020                                                                 Certification Report




           No Type        Identifier                    Release           Form of Delivery
           1    HW        M7893 Smart Card IC           B11 (produced in Complete modules, with or
                                                        Dresden)         without inlay mounting, with or
                                                                         without inlay antenna mounting,
                                                                         in form of plain wafers, in an IC
                                                                         case or in bare dies
           2    SW        RSA library (optional)        RSA2048           Object code in electronic form
                                                        v2.03.008
                                                        RSA4096
                                                        v2.03.008
           3    SW        EC library (optional)         EC v2.03.008      Object code in electronic form
           4    SW        SHA-2 library (optional)      SHA-2 v1.01       Object code in electronic form
           5    SW        Toolbox library (optional)    Toolbox           Object code in electronic form
                                                        v2.03.008
           6    SW        SCL library (optional)        v2.02.010         Object code in electronic form
           7    FW        STS Self Test Software (the   FW-identifier     Stored in test ROM on the IC
                          IC Dedicated Test Software)   78.019.03.4       (patch in SOLID FLASH)
           8    FW        RMS Resource              FW-identifier         Stored in reserved area of user
                          Management System (the IC 78.019.03.4           ROM on the IC (patch in SOLID
                          Dedicated Support                               FLASH)
                          Software)
           9    FW        Service Algorithm (SA)        FW-identifier     Stored in reserved area of user
                                                        78.019.03.4       ROM on the IC (patch in SOLID
                                                                          FLASH)
           10   FW        Flash Loader                  FW-identifier     Stored in reserved area of user
                                                        78.019.03.4       ROM and parts of it in SOLID
                                                                          FLASH on the IC (patch in
                                                                          SOLID FLASH)
           11   SW        ROM code (including           --                Stored in User ROM on the IC.
                          Embedded Software and
                                                                          Only in case the IC Embedded
                          crypto libraries)
                                                                          Software Developer provides
                                                                          Infineon with code for ROM.
           12   SW        NVM image (including          --                Stored in Flash memory on the
                          Embedded Software and                           IC.
                          crypto libraries)
                                                                          Only in case the IC Embedded
                                                                          Software Developer provides
                                                                          Infineon with code for Flash
                                                                          memory.
           13   DOC       SLx 70 Family Production      2015-04-01        Personalized pdf-file
                          and Personalization User’
                          Manual
           14   DOC       M7893 Hardware Reference 19-06-24               Personalized pdf-file
                          Manual 3.0
           15   DOC       M7893 Errata Sheet 4.2        2019-08-07        Personalized pdf-file
           16   DOC       M7893 Security Guidelines     2019-09-25        Personalized pdf-file
           17   DOC       16-bit Security Controller    2019-02-19        Personalized pdf-file
                          Family SLE 70
                          Programmer’s Reference
                          Manual 9.10




                                                                                                     13 / 33
Certification Report                                                            BSI-DSZ-CC-0879-V4-2020




             No Type    Identifier                    Release           Form of Delivery
             18   DOC   SLE70 Asymmetric Crypto       2019-07-15        Personalized pdf-file (optional)
                        Library for Crypto@2304T
                        RSA / ECC / Toolbox User
                        Interface (2.03.008)
             19   DOC   SCL78 Symmetric Crypto        2016-12-09        Personalized pdf-file (optional)
                        Library for SCP v3,
                        DES/AES, 16-bit Security
                        Controller, User Interface
                        (2.02.010)
             20   DOC   Crypto@2304T User Manual 2010-03-23             Personalized pdf-file
             21   DOC   SLx70 Family Secure Hash      2009-11-06        Personalized pdf-file (optional)
                        Algorithm SHA-2 (SHA
                        256/224, SHA 512/384)
                        Library Version V1.01
             22   DOC   AMM Advanced Mode NRG         2019-10-22        Personalized pdf-file (optional)
                        SAM Addendum 2.0

                                     Table 2: Deliverables of the TOE

The delivery documentation describes all procedures that are necessary to maintain
security when distributing versions of the TOE or parts of it to the user’s site including the
necessary intermediate delivery procedures.
Furthermore, the delivery documentation describes in a sufficient manner how the various
procedures and technical measures provide for the detection of modifications and any
discrepancies between the TOE respective parts of it send by the TOE Manufacturer and
the version received by the Composite Product Manufacturer.
Three different delivery procedures have to be taken into consideration:
    ●   Delivery of the IC dedicated software components (IC dedicated SW, guidance)
        from the TOE Manufacturer to the IC Embedded Software Developer.
    ●   Delivery of the IC Embedded Software (ROM / Flash data, initialisation and pre-
        personalisation data) from the IC Embedded Software Developer to the TOE
        Manufacturer.
    ●   Delivery of the final TOE from the TOE Manufacturer to the Composite Product
        Manufacturer. After phase 3 the TOE is delivered in form of wafers or sawn wafers,
        after phase 4 in form of modules (with or without inlay antenna).
Respective distribution centers are listed in Appendix B (see below).
The individuaific
configured, not flashed and not personalized TOE products to the user warehouse.
Extra authentication means applied in the PIN-Letter status of the Flash Loader preserve that only the intended
user with the intended PIN-Letter can configure with user specific information and enable the normal Flash
Loader functions in a second step. By that the user orders the products and receives - in a protected way - the
belonging PIN-Letter. PIN-Letter and delivered chips must match.
By delivery the user warehouse gets filled and depending on market demands the user can immediate apply the
authentication means of the PIN-letter. If passing, the TOE products become user specific configured and the
Flash Loader can be used for this specific user in a second step.
The following table outlines the different ways how the user can input his software on this TOE – a TOE without
user available ROM. User software comprises usually the operating system and applications, which are for
Infineon Technologies simply a user data package which is handled as a fixed data package during production.
This provides high process flexibility for the user of which an overview is given in the following table:


                         Table 2        Options to implement user software on the chip
 Case                          Option                                          Flash Loader Status
         The user or/and a subcontractor downloads the
         software into the SOLID FLASH™ NVM on his             The Flash Loader can be activated or reactivated
 1.      own. Infineon Technologies has not received user      by the user or subcontractor to download his
         software and there are no user data of the            software in the SOLID FLASH™ NVM.
         Composite TOE in the ROM.
         The user provides his complete software for the
         download into the SOLID FLASH™ NVM to
                                                               The Flash Loader is permanently disabled prior
 2       Infineon Technologies AG. The software is
                                                               delivery.
         downloaded to the SOLID FLASH™ NVM during
         chip production.
                                                               When leaving the Infineon Technologies
                                                               production facility, the Flash Loader is blocked,
         The user provides software for the download into      but can be activated or reactivated by the user or
         the SOLID FLASH™ NVM to Infineon                      subcontractor to complete the previously stored
 3       Technologies AG. The software is downloaded to        software parts in the SOLID FLASH™ NVM.
         the SOLID FLASH™ NVM during chip
         production.                                           Precondition is that the user has provided an own
                                                               reactivation procedure in software prior chip
                                                               production to Infineon Technologies AG.

For the cases with active Flash Loader on board and whenever the user has finalized his SW-download,
respectively the TOE is in the final state and about to be delivered to the end-user, the user is obligated to lock
the Flash Loader. This locking is the final step and results in a permanent deactivation of the Flash Loader. This
means that once being in the locked status, the Flash Loader cannot be reactivated anymore.
Note that whenever a TOE comes without active Flash Loader, BPU and PIN-Letter process are not possible.
All in all various delivery combinations are given and for example, a product can come with a fix configuration
and with Flash Loader, to enable the user to download software, but without BPU option and with PIN-Letter.
The following cases can occur:

                         Table 3        Options with Flash Loader, BPU and PIN-Letter
CC Document                                              10                                                       1.8
                                                                                                           2020-04-22
Public Security Target
Common Criteria v3.1 - EAL6 augmented / EAL6+
Security Target Introduction (ASE_INT)


 Case           Order                                              Option
   1     Fix configuration,            Infineon Technologies configures and flashes all software as ordered.
         Flash Loader is               The entire user software must be delivered to Infineon Technologies
         locked (permanent)             prior production.
   2     Flash Loader                  Infineon configures the chip as ordered and
         functional, BPU               the user flashes his software at his own premises.
         feature blocked               If requested, Infineon Technologies can optionally download also
                                        shares of the user software during production. These user software
                                        shares must be delivered to Infineon Technologies prior production.
                                        The user can finalize his software package at his premises.
   3     Flash Loader           The user:
         functional                 Activates the Flash Loader,
         and active BPU             configures the chip applying the BPU feature and
         feature
                                    flashes his software at his own premises.
                                    If requested, Infineon Technologies can optionally download also
                                       shares of the user software during production. These user software
                                       shares must be delivered to Infineon Technologies prior production.
                                       The user can finalize his software package at his premises.
   4     Flash Loader           Infineon cugfoerins the chip as ordered. The user receives his PIN-letter and
         functional             fills his warehouse. As required the user:
         and PIN-Letter                applies the PIN-Letter on the chips taken from his warehouse, gets the
                                          chips user specific configured,
                                       activates the Flash Loader and
                                       the user flashes his software at his own premises.
                                If requested, Infineon Technologies can optionally download also shares of the
                                user software during production. These user software shares must be delivered
                                to Infineon Technologies prior production. The user can finalize his software
                                package at his premises.
   5     Flash Loader           Infineon configures the chip as ordered. The user receives his PIN-letter and
         functional,            fills his warehouse. As required the user:
         active BPU and                applies the PIN-Letter on the chips taken from his warehouse, gets the
         PIN-Letter                       chips user specific configured,
                                       activates the Flash Loader,
                                       applies his user specific chip configuration with the BPU feature and
                                       flashes his software at his own premises.
                                If requested, Infineon Technologies can optionally download also shares of the
                                user software during production. These user software shares must be delivered
                                to Infineon Technologies prior production. The user can finalize his software
                                package at his premises.

The listing provided in the confidential security target [8] contains the memory size ranges and other blocking
options, focusing on the maximum respectively minimum user available limitations. Within those limitations the
TOE configurations can vary under only one identical IC-hardware, regardless whether the configurations are set
by Infineon or within further limitations by the user. All configurations throughout all different mask sets the
TOE is made off and all thereof resulting derivatives have no impact on security and are covered by the
certificate.

CC Document                                            11                                                     1.8
                                                                                                       2020-04-22
Public Security Target
Common Criteria v3.1 - EAL6 augmented / EAL6+
Security Target Introduction (ASE_INT)


Note that this TOE has no user available ROM. The user software and data are entirely located in a dedicated and
protected part of the SOLID FLASH™ NVM. The long life storage endurance together with the means for error
detection and correction serves for excellent reliability and endurance.
In addition to the above listed flexible ranges, the user guidance contains a number of predefined configurations
for those customers not making use of the BPU option. All of these configurations belong to the TOE as well and
are of course made of the equal hardware and are inside the above declared ranges.
Today’s predefined configurations of the TOE are listed in the hardware reference manual HRM [1] and is
completed with the list of identification data of the derivatives. These predefined products come with the most
requested configurations and enables to produce volumes on stock in order to simplify logistic processes.
According to the BPU option, a non-limited number of configurations of the TOE may occur in the field. The
number of various configurations depends on the user and order contract only.
This TOE provides dedicated identification means and outputs the platform identifier, the design step and
further configuration information. The hardware reference manual HRM [1] is part of the user guidance and
enables for the clear interpretation of the read out identification data. More information is given in the
confidential Security Target [8].
These output data enable the user for clear identification of the TOE and also of one of the different mask sets
and therewith for examination of the validity of the certificate.
In addition, a dedicated RMS function allows reading out the present configuration in detail. The output RMS
data together with the hardware reference manual HRM [1] enables for clear identification of a product and its
configuration. All these steps for gathering identification and detailed configuration information can be done by
the user without involving the vendor, Infineon Technologies AG.

The TOE consists of the hardware part, the firmware parts in the alternative versions and the optional software
parts. The Smartcard Embedded Software, i.e. the operating system and applications are not part of the TOE.

The firmware comes with several alternative versions and consists of:
    the Boot Software (BOS) firmware conducting configuration and testing task (see chapter 2.2.2) at start-
        up of the TOE
    the Resource Management System (RMS) library providing essential basis functions for the management
        of the RAM, the branch table, the Memory Management Unit (MMU) and other resources
    the optional Flash Loader enabling for the download of user software to the SOLID FLASH™ NVM and
        required for the optional Bill per Use (BPU) feature and the PIN-letter feature
    the Radio Frequency Application Interface (RFAPI) supporting functions located in the ROM.
        The RFAPI functions are not part of the TOE Security Functionality (TSF)
    the NRG ROM part implementing some basic routines and used by the NRG if ordered.
        The NRG ROM part is not part of the TSF functionality.

The firmware parts BOS, RFAPI and NRG are implemented in a separated Test-ROM also being part of the TOE
but not available for the user. Completing firmware components are located in the SOLID FLASH™ NVM.

The optional software parts are differentiated into following libraries:
    The asymmetric cryptographic libraries (ACL) in following alternative versions:
       v2.08.007, v2.07.003 and v2.06.003.
           o All ACL libraries provide RSA1 2048/4096 cryptography.
                The library supports also smaller key lengths, but the certification follows the national regulation
                by the BSI1.



1
    Rivest-Shamir-Adleman asymmetric cryptographic algorithm


CC Document                                                    12                                                1.8
                                                                                                          2020-04-22
Public Security Target
Common Criteria v3.1 - EAL6 augmented / EAL6+
Security Target Introduction (ASE_INT)


             o All ACL libraries provide elliptic curve cryptography EC2
        the Toolbox library in the versions v2.08.007, v2.07.003 and v2.06.003 provides basic mathematical
         functions for a simplified user interface to the Crypto@2304T. The Toolbox library is not part of the TOE
         Security Functionality (TSF).
        the symmetric cryptographic libraries (SCL) in the improved and enhanced version v2.04.002 and the
         version v2.02.010 provide simplified interfaces and utilize the full services of the SCP to the user
        the hardware support library (HSL) in the versions 01.22.4346 and 02.01.6634 provides a simplified
         interface and utilizes the full services of the SOLID FLASH™ NVM to the user
        the hardware support library (HSL) in the versions 03.11.8339 and 03.12.8812 provide equal to the above
         a simplified interface, utilizes the full services of the SOLID FLASH™ NVM to the user, and enables the
         use of an additional advanced reading respectively writing method
        the CIPURSE™ Cryptographic Library (CIPURSE™ CL and CCL) in the version v02.00.0004 provides the
         user OSPT alliance CIPURSE™ V2 conformant communication functionality between a PICC and a PCD
        the NRG Software. The NRG is not part of the TOE Security Functionality (TSF).

The RSA, EC and Toolbox libraries provide certain functionality via an API to the Smartcard Embedded Software.
The private parts of the cryptographic libraries are only used internally and have no user interface. If neither the
RSA- nor the EC library is delivered, also the belonging private parts are not on board. The Toolbox library does
not have private library parts.
Each of the libraries ACL, SCL, HSL and NRG is independent from the other libraries and also independent of the
alternative library version of the equal type. This means for example that the HSL-1 runs alone and does not need
parts of HSL-2.
A combination respectively mix up of the two alternative libraries of equal type has not been considered in the
design and is not allowed: The user can select either one or the other of the same library type or none of it.
If the user considers the optional software libraries, the TOE can be delivered including – in free combinations –
or not including any of the optional libraries.

If the user decides not to use any of the offered asymmetric cryptographic libraries, regardless of the version
chosen, none of the cryptographic libraries is consequently delivered and the accompanying Additional Specific
Security Functionality (O.Add-Functions) Rivest-Shamir-Adleman (RSA) and/ or EC is/are not provided by the
TOE. Else it depends of the chosen library whether the Additional Specific Security Functionality
(O.Add-Functions) Rivest-Shamir-Adleman (RSA) and/ or EC is/are supported.

The Toolbox library, regardless of the version chosen, provides the user optionally basic arithmetic and modular
arithmetic operations, in order to support user software development using long integer operations. These basic
arithmetic operations do not provide security functionality, implement no security mechanism, and do not
proved additional specific security functionality – as defined for the cryptographic libraries.
The user developed software using the Toolbox basic operations is not part of the TOE.
The Toolbox library is not part of the TOE Security Functionality (TSF).

The symmetric cryptographic library SCL – in both versions – offers a high level interface to perform the
cryptographic operations DES, TDES and AES with different key lengths on the symmetric cryptographic
coprocessor (SCP) for this TOE. In addition, the SCL in version v2.04.002 implements computation of a CMAC
using AES and 3DES algorithms.

1
 BSI – Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik – Federal Office for Information Security: Following the national BSI
    recommendations, RSA key lengths below 1976 bits are not included in the certificate. Please note that the BSI expects this key length
    as appropriate until 2022 and recommends for longer usage times key lengths of 3000 bits or higher.
2 The Elliptic Curve Cryptography is abbreviated with EC only in the further, in order to avoid conflicts with the abbreviation for the Error
    Correction Code ECC.


CC Document                                                          13                                                                 1.8
                                                                                                                                 2020-04-22
Public Security Target
Common Criteria v3.1 - EAL6 augmented / EAL6+
Security Target Introduction (ASE_INT)


The SCL implements already several block cipher modes as declared in this document and covering a wide range
of applications, the SCL offers in addition the flexibility to implement additional block cipher modes defined by
the user.
This library provides a simplified interface to the hardware Symmetric Cryptographic Coprocessor (SCP) and
preserves the security and performance requirements as required by the user.
Note that the definition of the key lengths follows the national AIS32 regulation regarding the 100 bit security
level by the BSI. This excludes the single DES operation from the certification.

Beside the inclusion and support of cryptographic libraries this TOE comes with the optional Hardware Support
Library (HSL) in different versions significantly simplifying the management of the SOLID FLASH™ NVM
functionality. The HSL constitutes an application interface (API) accessing the HSL state machine and
abstracting low level properties like special function registers and settings of specific hardware features. In short
the HSL provides a user friendly also use case oriented interface considering endurance, reliability and
performance requirements.
In certain configurations each of the HSL versions provide also functions implementing tearing safe behaviour of
the SOLID FLASH™ NVM. If applied the user has no need to care about cases where the TOE is unintentionally
removed from the power supply or the radio frequency field even during managing the SOLID FLASH™ NVM.
Anyhow, the HSL – regardless of the version – remains as an optional library, as even sudden power off situations
do not lead to exploitable conditions of the TOE. In the worse, the TOE ends operation in case of a faulty
programmed SOLID FLASH™ NVM location.
In addition to the above, the HSL in version 03.12.8812 and 03.11.8339 provide an advanced additional method
called Incremental Write (IWR). This method provides enhanced endurance of the SOLID FLASH NVM even
beyond the erase endurance limits for often written objects. Thus this method serves applications with a demand
for high endurance and fast writing times. On the other hand, the read times using this method are slower than
the other methods provided.

The order option CIPURSE™ Cryptographic Library (CIPURSE™ CL) provides cryptographic functionality to
implement a CIPURSE™ V2 conformant protocol.
This protocol provides a secure mutual authentication of two entities, namely the terminal (denoted as PCD =
Proximity Coupling Device (CIPURSE™-compliant terminal)) and a smart card or a token in other form factors
which is called PICC. PICC stands for Proximity Integrated Circuit Card (CIPURSE™-compliant card).
Beside the mutual authentication, the protocol implements measures to maintain the integrity of the transferred
data and preserves in parallel the confidentiality of the transferred data.
By that the CIPURSE™ CL supports the user to implement systems conformant to the CIPURSE™ open standard
implementing a secured, interoperable and flexible transit fare collection solution, including ISO 7816, ISO/IEC
14443-4 communication and AES-128 bit cryptography for multiple payment types.

The NRG Software is a further order option and implements the routines for a NRG interface. The NRG provides
an operating system handling the emulation of a NRG card together with the RF interface. One part of the NRG
is permanently stored in the ROM and the second part consisting of patch and API is located in the SOLID
FLASH™ NVM. The second part is only present if the NRG is part of the delivery. If the NRG is not part of the
delivery the ROM part is present but not used. The NRG implements tearing safe behaviour in context with the
SOLID FLASH™ NVM management and is therefore independent from the HSL. The NRG is not part of the TOE
Security Functionality (TSF).

Deselecting one of the optional libraries does not include the code implementing functionality, which the user
decided not to use. Not including the code of the deselected functionality has no impact of any other security
policy of the TOE; it is exactly equivalent to the situation where the user decides just not to use the functionality.

All optional software libraries are stored respectively can be loaded into the SOLID FLASH™ NVM.
All other Smartcard Embedded Software loaded into the SOLID FLASH™ NVM does not belong to the TOE and
is not subject of the evaluation.
CC Document                                               14                                                       1.8
                                                                                                            2020-04-22
Public Security Target
Common Criteria v3.1 - EAL6 augmented / EAL6+
Security Target Introduction (ASE_INT)


1.2            Target of Evaluation overview
The TOE comprises the Infineon Technologies Dual Interface Security Controller IFX_CCI_000003h with options
with specific IC dedicated software, optional cryptographic- and further services libraries.
The TOE is a member of the Infineon Technologies AG high security controller-family meeting the highest
requirements in terms of performance and security. A summary product description is given in this Security
TargePublic




   Common Criteria Public Security Target
   EAL6 augmented / EAL6+
   IFX_CCI_000003h
   IFX_CCI_000005h
   IFX_CCI_000008h
   IFX_CCI_00000Ch
   IFX_CCI_000013h
   IFX_CCI_000014h
   IFX_CCI_000015h
   IFX_CCI_00001Ch
   IFX_CCI_00001Dh
   IFX_CCI_000021h
   IFX_CCI_000022h

   H13

   Resistance to attackers with HIGH attack potential
                                    Including optional Software Libraries
                            Flash Loader – 3x ACL – 4x HSL – 2x SCL – NRG – CCL




 Author: Infineon Technologies
 Revision: 1.8




CC Document            Please read the Important Notice and Warnings at the end of this document          1.8
www.infineon.com                                                                                   2020-04-22
Public




Table of Contents
2.2.1         Hardware of the TOE .                                                                                                                    ..................................................................................................................26
2.2.2         Firmware and software of the TOE .............................................................................................. 27
2.2.3         Interfaces of the TOE................................................................................................................... 32
2.2.4         Guidance documentation ............................................................................................................ 33
2.2.5         Forms of delivery ......................................................................................................................... 35
2.2.6         Production sites ........................................................................................................................... 37
3.1.1         Adding Objectives ....................................................................................................................... 39
3.1.2         AES and TDES .............................................................................................................................40
3.1.3         Loader .........................................................................................................................................40
3.1.4         CIPURSE Cryptographic Library (CCL) ......................................................................................... 41
3.1.5         Summary .....................................................................................................................................42
4.1.1         Additional Threat due to TOE specific Functionality .................................................................... 43
4.1.2         Assets regarding the Threats .......................................................................................................44
4.2.1         Augmented Organizational Security Policy .................................................................................46
4.3.1         Augmented Assumptions ............................................................................................................ 47
4.3.2         Note regarding CIPURSE™ CL .....................................................................................................48
5.3.1         Clarification of “Treatment of User Data (OE.Resp-Appl)” .......................................................... 54
5.3.2         Clarification of “Protection during Composite product Manufacturing (OE.Process-Sec-IC)” ...... 54
6.1.1         Definition of FPT_TST.2 ..............................................................................................................60
6.1.2         TSF self-test (FPT_TST) ............................................................................................................... 61
7.1.1         Extended Components FCS_RNG.1 and FAU_SAS.1 ................................................................... 65
7.1.2         Subset of TOE testing.................................................................................................................. 70
7.1.3         Memory access control ................................................................................................................ 71
7.1.4         Support of Cipher Schemes ......................................................................................................... 74
7.1.5         Data Integrity FDP_SDI.2 and FDP_SDC.1 ................................................................................. 103
7.1.6         Application Note to FPT_FLS.1 Failure with preservation of secure state .................................. 104
7.3.1         Refinements .............................................................................................................................. 109
7.4.1         Rationale for the Security Functional Requirements .................................................................. 113
7.4.2         Rationale of the Assurance Requirements ................................................................................. 124
8.1.1         Listing of SFRs implemented by SF_DPM Device Phase Management ...................................... 126
8.2.1         Listing of SFRs implemented by SF_PS Protection against Snooping........................................ 129
8.3.1         Listing of SFRs implemented by SF_PMA Protection against Modifying Attacks ...................... 131
8.4.1         Listing of SFRs implemented by SF_PLA Protection against Logical Attacks ............................ 132
8.5.1         Implementation of AES and TDES by the Symmetric Cryptographic Coprocessor SCP ............. 133
8.5.2         Implementation of TDES, AES and CMAC by the Symmetric Cryptographic Library SCL .......... 135
8.5.3         RSA Cryptographic Library for all versions................................................................................. 137
8.5.4         Elliptic Curves Cryptographic Library for all versions ................................................................. 139
8.5.5         Toolbox Library for all versions .................................................................................................. 140
8.5.6         CIPURSE™ Cryptographic Library ............................................................................................. 141
8.5.7         Hybrid PTRNG ........................................................................................................................... 141
8.5.8         Listing of SFRs implemented by SF_CS “Cryptographic Support” ............................................. 142




CC Document                 Please read the Important Notice and Warnings at the end of this document                                                   1.8
www.infineon.com                                                                                                                                 2020-04-22
Public Security Target
Common Criteria v3.1 - EAL6 augmented / EAL6+
Security Target Introduction (ASE_INT)



1              Security Target Introduction (ASE_INT)

1.1            Security Target and Target of Evaluation Reference
The title of this document is Confidential Security Target as given on the front page and it covers and describes
one hardware platform respectively one IC representing the Target of Evaluation (TOE) with following Common
Criteria Identifiers:
     IFX_CCI_000003h
         IFX_CCI_000005h
         IFX_CCI_000008h
         IFX_CCI_00000Ch
         IFX_CCI_000013h
         IFX_CCI_000014h
         IFX_CCI_000015h
         IFX_CCI_00001Ch
         IFX_CCI_00001Dh
         IFX_CCI_000021h
      IFX_CCI_000022h
in the design step H13 and including optional software libraries and dedicated firmware in several versions as
stated and assigned in the table below.

In order to ease the readability of this document the bunch of Common Criteria Identifiers as listed above is
shortened and simply expressed with TOE (Target of Evaluation) or IFX_CCI_000003h with options.

This document is formed according to Common Criteria CCv3.1 EAL6 augmented (EAL6+) and comprises the
Infineon Technologies AG Security Controller (Integrated Circuit IC) with the above listed Common Criteria
Identifiers and with specific IC dedicated firmware and optional software.

The target of evaluation (TOE) is described in the following.
This Public Security Target has the revision 1.8 and is dated 2020-04-22.




CC Document                                              3                                                      1.8
                                                                                                         2020-04-22
Public Security Target
Common Criteria v3.1 - EAL6 augmented / EAL6+
Security Target Introduction (ASE_INT)


The Target of Evaluation (TOE) is the Infineon Security Controller with following optional available software
packages:
    The asymmetric cryptographic libraries (ACL) in following alternative versions:
       v2.08.007, v2.07.003 and v2.06.003.
            o All ACL libraries provide RSA1 2048/4096 cryptography.
                The library supports also smaller key lengths, but the certification follows the national regulation
                by the BSI2.
            o All ACL libraries provide elliptic curve cryptography EC3
    the Toolbox library in the versions v2.08.007, v2.07.003 and v2.06.003 provides basic mathematical
       functions for a simplified user interface to the Crypto@2304T. The Toolbox library is not part of the TOE
       Security Functionality (TSF).
    the symmetric cryptographic libraries (SCL) in the improved and enhanced version v2.04.002 and the
       version v2.02.010 provide simplified interfaces and utilize the full services of the SCP to the user
    the hardware support library (HSL) in the versions 01.22.4346 and 02.01.6634 provides a simplified
       interface and utilizes the full services of the SOLID FLASH™ NVM to the user
    the hardware support library (HSL) in the versions 03.11.8339 and 03.12.8812 provide equal to the above
       a simplified interface, utilizes the full services of the SOLID FLASH™ NVM to the user, and enables the
       use of an additional advanced reading respectively writing method
    the CIPURSE™ Cryptographic Library (CIPURSE™ CL and CCL) in the version v02.00.0004 provides the
       user OSPT alliance CIPURSE™ V2 conformant communication functionality between a PICC and a PCD
    the NRG Software. The NRG is not part of the TOE Security Functionality (TSF).
and with further specific IC dedicated firmware in several alternative versions.

Please note that always the highest version number points to the most recent status of a library coming usually
with improvements and/or additional functionality.

Note that each of the versions of the ACL, SCL, HSL, CCL and the NRG are optional and alternatively. This means
that the TOE comes either with one of the alternative library types– depending on the user choice - or with none.
The library types can Security Target Lite
Common Criteria EAL6 augment ed / EAL6+




M7892 Design Step P11




Document version 2.2 as of 2020-04-23


Author: Infineon Technologies




CC Developer Document                     2020-04-23
                                                                                                                M7892 P11
                                                                                                        Security Target Lite
Public




Edition 2020-04-23

Published by Infineon Technologies AG,

81726 Munich, Germany.

© 2020 Infineon Technologies AG

All Rights Reserved.




Legal Disclaimer

The information given in this document shall in no event be regarded as a guarantee of conditions or characteristics. With
respect to any examples or hints given herein, any typical values stated herein and/or any information regarding the
application of the device, Infineon Technologies AG hereby disclaims any and all warranties and liabilities of any kind,
including without limitation, warranties of non-infringement of intellectual property rights of any third party.

Information

For further information on technology, delivery terms and conditions and prices, please contact the nearest Infineon
Technologies AG Office (www.infineon.com).

Warnings

Due to technical requirements, components may contain dangerous substances. For information on the types in question,
please contact the nearest Infineon Technologies AG Office.

Infineon Technologies AG components may be used in life-support devices or systems only with the express written approval
of Infineon Technologies AG, if a failure of such components can reasonably be expected to cause the failure of that life-
support device or system or to affect the safety or effectiveness of that device or system. Life support devices or systems are
intended to be implanted in the human body or to support and/or maintain and sustain and/or protect human life. If they
fail, it is reasonable to assume that the health of the user or other persons may be endangered.




CC Developer Document                                           2                                                  2020-04-23
                                                                                                              M7892 P11
                                                                                                      Security Target Lite
Public

Trademarks of Infineon Technologies AG
AURIX™, C166™, CanPAK™, CIPOS™, CoolGaN™, CoolMOS™, CoolSET™, CoolSiC™, CORECONTROL™, CROSSAVE™, DAVE™, DI-
POL™, DrBlade™, EasyPIM™, EconoBRIDGE™, EconoDUAL™, EconoPACK™, EconoPIM™, EiceDRIVER™, eupec™, FCOS™,
HITFET™, HybridPACK™, Infineon™, ISOFACE™, IsoPACK™, i-Wafer™, MIPAQ™, ModSTACK™, my-d™, NovalithIC™,
OmniTune™, OPTIGA™, OptiMOS™, ORIGA™, POWERCODE™, PRIMARION™, PrimePACK™, PrimeSTACK™, PROFET™, PRO-
SIL™, RASIC™, REAL3™, ReverSave™, SatRIC™, SIEGET™, SIPMOS™, SmartLEWIS™, SOLID FLASH™, SPOC™, TEMPFET™,
thinQ!™, TRENCHSTOP™, TriCore™.


Trademarks updated August 2015


Other Trademarks
All referenced product or service names and trademarks are the property of their respective owners.




CC Developer Document                                        3                                                  2020-04-23
                                                                                                         M7892 P11
                                                                                                 Security Target Lite
Public


Revision History

Major changes since previous revision
Date           Version     Change Description

2017-10-25     1.0         Initial version
2017-11-16     1.1         Update references in Chapter 9.
2017-11-21     1.2         Update references in Chapter 9.
2019-10-29     2.0         Updated user guidance. Introduced NRG terminology. Signatures for MAE lib is updated.
2020-03-30     2.1         Accepted final remarks and provided minor editorial update.




CC Developer Document                                        4                                               2020-04-23
                                                                                                                                                                         M7892 P11
                                                                                                                                                                 Security Target Lite
Public



Table of Contents
Revision History ................................................................................................................................................................................. 4
Table of Contents ............................................................................................................................................................................... 5
1           Security Target Introduction (ASE_INT) ............................................................................................................. 7
1.1         Security Target and Target of Evaluation Reference .......................................................................................... 7
1.2         Target of Evaluation overview ................................................................................................................................... 14
2           Target of Evaluation Description ......................................................................................................................... 19
2.1         TOE Definition................................................................................................................................................................... 19
2.2         Scope of the TOE .............................................................................................................................................................. 24
2.2.1          Hardware of the TOE ............................................................................................................................................... 24
2.2.2          Firmware and software of the TOE .................................................................................................................... 27
2.2.3          Interfaces of the TOE ............................................................................................................................................... 29
2.2.4          Guidance documentation ....................................................................................................................................... 29
2.2.5          Forms of delivery ...................................................................................................................................................... 30
2.2.6          Production sites ......................................................................................................................................................... 31
3           Conformance Claims (ASE_CCL) .......................................................................................................................... 32
3.1         CC Conformance Claim .................................................................................................................................................. 32
3.2         PP Claim ............................................................................................................................................................................... 32
3.3         Package Claim ................................................................................................................................................................... 32
3.4         Conformance Rationale ................................................................................................................................................. 33
3.4.1          Security Problem Definition ................................................................................................................................. 34
3.4.2          Security Objective ..................................................................................................................................................... 34
3.4.3          Summary ....................................................................................................................................................................... 34
3.5         Application Notes ............................................................................................................................................................ 35
4           Security Problem Definition (ASE_SPD) ............................................................................................................ 36
4.1         Threats ................................................................................................................................................................................. 36
4.1.1          Additional Threat due to Loader Package Functionality .......................................................................... 36
4.1.2          Additional Threat due to TOE specific Functionality ................................................................................. 37
4.1.3          Assets regarding the Threats................................................................................................................................ 38
4.2         Organizational Security Policies ................................................................................................................................ 38
4.2.1          Augmented Organizational Security Policy .................................................................................................... 39
4.3         Assumptions ...................................................................................................................................................................... 40
4.3.1          Augmented Assumptions ....................................................................................................................................... 41
5           Security objectives (ASE_OBJ) .............................................................................................................................. 42
5.1         Security objectives for the TOE.................................................................................................................................. 42
5.2         Security Objectives for the Development and Operational Environment ................................................ 44
5.2.1          Clarification of “Protection during Composite product manufacturing (OE.Process-Sec-IC)” . 46
5.2.2          Clarification of “Treatment of User Data (OE.Resp-Appl)” ...................................................................... 46
5.3         Security Objectives Rationale ..................................................................................................................................... 46
6           Extended Component Definition (ASE_ECD) ................................................................................................... 50
6.1         Component “Subset TOE security testing (FPT_TST.2)” ................................................................................. 50
6.2         Definition of FPT_TST.2 ................................................................................................................................................ 50
6.3         TSF self-test (FPT_TST) ................................................................................................................................................ 50
7           Security Requirements (ASE_REQ) ..................................................................................................................... 52
7.1         TOE Security Functional Requirements ................................................................................................................. 52
7.1.1          Extended Components FCS_RNG.1 and FAU_SAS.1 ..................................................................................... 54
7.1.2          Subset of TOE testing ............................................................................................................................................... 55
7.1.3          Memory access control ........................................................................................................................................... 56
7.1.4          Support of Cipher Schemes ................................................................................................................................... 58
7.1.5          Data Integrity .............................................................................................................................................................. 71


CC Developer Document                                                                             5                                                                                  2020-04-23
                                                                                                                                                                      M7892 P11
                                                                                                                                                              Security Target Lite
Public

7.1.6         Support of MAE and Flash Loader ...................................................................................................................... 72
7.2        TOE Security Assurance Requirements.................................................................................................................. 74
7.2.1         Refinements ................................................................................................................................................................. 75
7.2.2         ADV_SPM Formal Security Policy Model ......................................................................................................... 77
7.3        Security Requirements Rationale ............................................................................................................................. 78
7.3.1         Rationale for the Security Functional Requirements ................................................................................. 78
7.3.2         Rationale of the Assurance Requirements ...................................................................................................... 86
8          TOE Summary Specification (ASE_TSS) ............................................................................................................. 88
8.1        SF_DPM: Device Phase Management ....................................................................................................................... 88
8.2        SF_PS: Protection against Snooping ......................................................................................................................... 89
8.3        SF_PMA: Protection against Modifying Attacks .................................................................................................. 91
8.4        SF_PLA: Protection against Logical Attacks .......................................................................................................... 93
8.5        SF_CS: Cryptographic Support.................................................................................................................................... 93
8.5.1         Triple DES ..................................................................................................................................................................... 94
8.5.2         AES................................................................................................................................................................................... 95
8.5.3         RSA .................................................................................................................................................................................. 96
8.5.4         Elliptic Curves EC ...................................................................................................................................................... 98
8.5.5         SHA-2 ........................................................................................................................................................................... 100
8.5.6         SCL ................................................................................................................................................................................ 100
8.5.7         PTRNG respectively TRNG.................................................................................................................................. 101
8.5.8         Summary of SF_CS: Cryptographic Support ................................................................................................ 101
8.6        SF_MAE: Mutual Authentication Extension ............................................................                             - Applet ROM masking added.




© IDEMIA. All rights reserved.




Specifications and information are subject to change without notice.

The products described in this document are subject to continuous development and improvement.

All trademarks and service marks referred to herein, whether registered or not in specific countries, are the properties of their respective owners.




                                                      - Printed versions of this document are uncontrolled -
                                    Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                  Ref.:
                             IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                                                                            2018_2000036361
                             Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                                                               Page: 3/150
                                   eMRTD Configuration)

Table of Contents

 TABLE OF CONTENTS ....................................................................................................... 3

 TABLE OF FIGURES .......................................................................................................... 6

 TABLE OF TABLES ............................................................................................................. 7

 1            ST INTRODUCTION ............................................................................................... 8
     1.1    ST IDENTIFICATION .......................................................................................................... 8
     1.2    TOE REFERENCE .............................................................................................................. 9
     1.3    TOE OVERVIEW............................................................................................................... 9
     1.4    TOE DESCRIPTION ..........................................................................................................11
       1.4.1    TOE Definition ......................................................................................................11
       1.4.2    TOE usage and security features for operational use ...............................................12
       1.4.3    TOE life cycle ........................................................................................................17
 2            CONFORMANCE CLAIMS ..................................................................................... 24
     2.1    CC CONFORMANCE CLAIM .................................................................................................24
     2.2    PP CLAIM ......................................................................................................................24
     2.3    PACKAGE CLAIM ..............................................................................................................25
     2.4    PP CONFORMANCE RATIONALE ...........................................................................................25
       2.4.1    Main aspects .........................................................................................................25
       2.4.2    Overview of differences between the PP and the ST ................................................25
 3            SECURITY PROBLEM DEFINITION ..................................................................... 27
     3.1    ASSETS .........................................................................................................................27
       3.1.1    Primary Assets travel document .............................................................................27
       3.1.2    Secondary Assets travel document .........................................................................28
       3.1.3    Additionals Assets .................................................................................................29
       3.1.4    Assets related to Polymorphic eMRTD ....................................................................29
     3.2    USERS / SUBJECTS...........................................................................................................30
       3.2.1    Subjects listed in PP PACE .....................................................................................30
       3.2.2    Additional Subjects ................................................................................................32
       3.2.3    Subjects related to Polymorphic eMRTD .................................................................33
     3.3    THREATS .......................................................................................................................36
       3.3.1    Threats listed in PP PACE .......................................................................................36
       3.3.2    Additional Threats .................................................................................................38
       3.3.3    Threats related to Polymorphic eMRTD ...................................................................39
     3.4    ORGANISATIONAL SECURITY POLICIES ..................................................................................40
       3.4.1    OSP listed in PP PACE ............................................................................................41
       3.4.2    Additional OSPs from PP EAC .................................................................................42
       3.4.3    OSPs related to Polymorphic eMRTD ......................................................................43
     3.5    ASSUMPTIONS ................................................................................................................45
       3.5.1    Assumptions listed in PP PACE ...............................................................................45
       3.5.2    Assumptions listed in PP EAC .................................................................................45
       3.5.3    Assumptions related to Active Authentication ..........................................................46
       3.5.4    Assumptions related to Polymorphic eMRTD ...........................................................46
 4            SECURITY OBJECTIVES ...................................................................................... 50
     4.1    SECURITY OBJECTIVES FOR THE TOE ...................................................................................50
       4.1.1    Security Objectives listed in PP PACE ......................................................................50
       4.1.2    Additional Security Objectives from PP EAC ............................................................52
                                   Security Target Lite
                                                                                                              Ref.:
                            IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                                                                        2018_2000036361
                            Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                                                           Page: 4/150
                                  eMRTD Configuration)

      4.1.3    Security Objectives related to Polymorphic eMRTD ..................................................53
    4.2    SECURITY OBJECTIVES FOR THE OPERATIONAL ENVIRONMENT ....................................................55
      4.2.1    Issuing State or Organisation .................................................................................55
      4.2.2    Travel document Issuer and CSCA: travel document PKI (issuing) branch ................56
      4.2.3    Terminal operator: Terminal receiving branch .........................................................57
      4.2.4    Travel document holder Obligations .......................................................................58
      4.2.5    Receiving State or Organisation .............................................................................58
      4.2.6    Oes related to Polymorphic eMRTD ........................................................................60
    4.3    SECURITY OBJECTIVES RATIONALE ......................................................................................63
      4.3.1    Threats ................................................................................................................63
      4.3.2    Organisational Security Policies ..............................................................................67
      4.3.3    Assumptions .........................................................................................................69
      4.3.4    SPD and Security Objectives ..................................................................................71
5           EXTENDED REQUIREMENTS ............................................................................... 76
    5.1     DEFINITION OF THE FAMILY FAU_SAS .................................................................................76
    5.2     DEFINITION OF THE FAMILY FCS_RND ................................................................................76
    5.3     DEFINITION OF THE FAMILY FIA_API ..................................................................................77
    5.4     DEFINITION OF THE FAMILY FMT_LIM .................................................................................78
    5.5     DEFINITION OF THE FAMILY FPT_EMS .................................................................................80
6           SECURITY REQUIREMENTS ................................................................................ 81
    6.1    SECURITY FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS ................................................................................81
      6.1.1    Class Cryptographic Support (FCS) .........................................................................83
      6.1.2    Class FIA Identification and Authentication .............................................................87
      6.1.3    Class FDP User Data Protection ..............................................................................95
      6.1.4    Class FTP Trusted Path/Channels ......................................................................... 100
      6.1.5    Class FAU Security Audit ...................................................................................... 101
      6.1.6    Class FMT Security Management .......................................................................... 101
      6.1.7    Class FPT Protection of the Security Functions ...................................................... 107
      6.1.8    Class FPR ........................................................................................................... 109
    6.2    SECURITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS................................................................................ 110
    6.3    SECURITY REQUIREMENTS RATIONALE ................................................................................ 110
      6.3.1    Security Objectives for the TOE ........................................................................... 110
      6.3.2    Rationale tables of Security Objectives and SFRs................................................... 115
      6.3.3    Dependencies ..................................................................................................... 119
      6.3.4    Rationale for the Security Assurance Requirements ............................................... 122
      6.3.5    AVA_VAN.5 Advanced methodical vulnerability analysis ......................................... 123
      6.3.6    ALC_DVS.2 Sufficiency of security measures ......................................................... 123
7           TOE SUMMARY SPECIFICATION ....................................................................... 124
    7.1    TOE SUMMARY SPECIFICATION ......................................................................................... 124
      7.1.1    SF.IA Identification and Authentication ................................................................. 124
      7.1.2    SF.CF Cryptographic functions support .................................................................................... 126
      7.1.6    SF.LCM Security and life cycle management ......................................................... 126
    7.2    SFRS AND TSS............................................................................................................. 129
      7.2.1    SFRs and TSS - Rationale .................................................................................... 129
8           ANNEX .............................................................................................................. 138

GLOSSARY ...................................................................uration selection” in DC4 (“initial” for VB(Z), “a” for VB(A), see [9].
                                               All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.           © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                                   Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                        7 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                               P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                            Security Target Lite



Type                 Name                                                Release Date                                  Form of delivery
                     NXP Secure Smart Card Controller                    VB(A) 2
                     P60D024/016/012PVB(A)
                     NXP Secure Smart Card Controller                    VF 3                27 November 2013          wafer, module, inlay, package
                     P60D024/016/012PVF                                                                                (dice have nameplate 9047B)
Security IC          Test-ROM Software                                   08.07               21 September 2011         Test-ROM on the chip acc. to
Dedicated Test                                                                                                         9047A_BG002_TESTROM_v1
Software                                                                                                               _btos_08v07_fos_5v0.hex
                     Boot-ROM Software                                   08.07               21 September 2011         Boot-ROM on the chip acc. to
                                                                                                                       9047A_BG002_TESTROM_v1
Security IC                                                                                                            _btos_08v07_fos_5v0.hex
Dedicated Support    Firmware Operating System (FOS)                     05.00 /             21 September 2011         Firmware Operating System
Software                                                                 05.03 4                                       on the chip acc. to
                                                                                                                       9047A_BG002_TESTROM_v1
                                                                                                                       _btos_08v07_fos_5v0.hex



                       Additional TOE components for P60D024/016/012M

                       Table 4.     Components of the TOE for P60D024/016/012M
Type                 Name                              Release Date                                                    Form of delivery
                                                                                     5
IC Hardware          NXP Secure Smart Card Controller                    VB(Y)               20 September 2011         wafer, module, inlay, package
                     P60D024/016/012MVB(Y)                                                                             (dice have nameplate 9047A)
                     NXP Secure Smart Card Controller                    VB(Z) 5             12 September 2012         wafer, module, inlay, package
                     P60D024/016/012MVB(Z)                                                                             (dice have nameplate 9047A)
                     NXP Secure Smart Card Controller                    VB(A) 5
                     P60D024/016/012MVB(A)
                     NXP Secure Smart Card Controller                    VF 6                27 November 2013          wafer, module, inlay, package
                     P60D024/016/012MVF                                                                                (dice have nameplate 9047B)
Security IC          Test-ROM Software                                   08.0A               17 April 2012             Test-ROM on the chip acc. to
Dedicated Test                                                                                                         9047A_BM097_TESTROM_v1
Software                                                                                                               _btos_08v0A_fos_6v10.hex
Security IC          Boot-ROM Software                                   08.0A               17 April 2012             Boot-ROM on the chip acc. to
Dedicated Support                                                                                                      9047A_BM097_TESTROM_v1
Software                                                                                                               _btos_08v0A_fos_6v10.hex


                       3
                        Release VF contains update of for EEPROM start-up circuit for yield improvement. Release VF can be
                            identified by check of the silicon version code VMSK according to section 4.2 in [12]: h46 for VF
                            (others have VMSK value: h42).
                       4
                         Version 05.03 includes extensions on top of 9047A_BG002_TESTROM_v1_btos_08v07_fos_5v0.hex
                            stored in the Firmware Mode EEPROM. Choice of FOS version is dependent of “NXP option for
                            EEPROM characteristics” in OEF, see [9]. Hardware VB(Y) is restricted to Version 05.00 only.
                       5
                         Release VB(Y) can be identified by ROM Code number xxx in the range of 005 to 013 and 092 to 095. All
                            other ROM Code numbers are assigned to version VB(Z) and VB(A). The ROM code number can
                            unambiguously identified by reading Security Row bytes RCN0 (DFFF8A) and RCN1 (DFF8B), see [9].
                            In addition, the ROM Code number is physically visible on the dice surface according to [12]. Releases
                            VB(Z), and VB(A) share the same underlying hardware, but were adapted for yield improvement
                            compared to VB(Y). Compared to Release VB(Z) the release VB(A) introduces additional configuration
                            option. Releases VB(Z), and VB(A) can be distinguished by the Device Coding of “NXP option of
                            PATDET configuration selection” in DC4 (“initial” for VB(Z), “a” for VB(A), see [9].
                       6
                         Release VF contains update of for EEPROM start-up circuit for yield improvement. Release VF can be
                            identified by check of the silicon version code VMSK according to section 4.2 in [12]: h46 for VF
                            (others have VMSK value: h42).
                                          All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.           © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                              Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                        8 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                     P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                                  Security Target Lite



Type                 Name                                                      Release Date                                  Form of delivery
                     Firmware Operating System (FOS)                           06.12 /             17 April 2012             Firmware Operating System
                                                                               06.13 7                                       on the chip acc. to
                                                                                                                             9047A_BM097_TESTROM_v1
                                                                                                                             _btos_08v0A_fos_6v10.hex



                           Additional TOE components for P60D024/016/012D

                      Table 5.            Components of the TOE for P60D024/016/012D
Type               Name                                      Release   Date                                                  Form of delivery
IC Hardware        NXP Secure Smart Card Controller                                  VF                27 November 2013      wafer, module, inlay, package
                   P60D024/016/012DVF                                                                                        (dice have nameplate 9047B)
Security IC        Test-ROM Software                                              08.0C                22 April 2013         Test-ROM on the chip acc. to
Dedicated Test                                                                                                               9047A_BJ094_TESTROM_v1
Software                                                                                                                     _btos_08v0C_fos_8v00.hex
                   Boot-ROM Software                                              08.0C                22 April 2013         Boot-ROM on the chip acc. to
                                                                                                                             9047A_BJ094_TESTROM_v1
Security IC                                                                                                                  _btos_08v0C_fos_8v00.hex
Dedicated        Firmware Operating System (FOS)                                   08.00               22 April 2013         Firmware Operating System
Support Software                                                                                                             on the chip acc. to
                                                                                                                             9047A_BJ094_TESTROM_v1
                                                                                                                             _btos_08v0C_fos_8v00.hex

                           The version of the Security IC Dedicated Software specified in Table 3, Table 4 and Table
                           5 can be identified by the Security IC Embedded Software by reading out the ROM Code
                           Number (RCN) as defined in [9], section 31.2.1. Furthermore, the version of the Firmware
                           Operating System as part of the Security IC Dedicated Support Software can be read-out
                           by Security IC Embedded Software using FVEC interface as specified in [9], section 13.4.1
                           Emulation Control Interface (FVEC0).


                 1.4.2 Evaluated configurations
                           The customer can select different logical configurations of the TOE. The configuration
                           options are structured as major and minor configuration options.


                 1.4.2.1        Major configuration options
                           The major configurations of the P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF are given in Table 1. All
                           major configurations are equipped with an EEPROM of 24 kBytes and both, the ISO/IEC
                           7816 contact interface and the ISO/IEC 14443 contactless interface. Their major differences
                           are related to the availability of EEPROM space. The ‘024’, ‘016’ and ‘012’ specify the
                           accessible EEPROM memory.
                           The ‘y’ indicates the selection of the Firmware Operating System (FOS). It is a placeholder for
                           either ‘P’, ‘M’ or ‘D’:
                                  •    ‘P’ indicates the absence of FOS-Emu
                                  •    ‘M’ indicates FOS-Emu with MIFARE Plus MF1PLUSx0
                           7
                               Version 06.12 and version 06.13 include extensions on top of
                                  9047A_BM097_TESTROM_v1_btos_08v0A_fos_6v10.hex stored in Firmware Mode EEPROM.
                                  Choice of FOS version is dependent of “NXP option for EEPROM characteristics” in OEF, see [9].
                                  Hardware VB(Y) is restricted to Version 06.12 only.
                                                All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.           © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                                    Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                        9 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                 P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                         Security Target Lite



                              •    ‘D’ indicates FOS-Emu with MIFARE DESFire EV1
                       The FOS-Emu including MIFARE Software is not part of the Evaluation.
                       Nine major configurations are present, which are denoted by the names P60D024P,
                       P60D016P, P60D012P, P60D024M, P60D016M, P60D012M, P60D024D, P60D016D and
                       P60D012D (see Table 1). The major configurations provide different versions of the IC
                       Dedicated Test Software and the IC Dedicated Support Software (see Table 3, Table 4
                       and Table 5).
                       One major difference between the major configurations is related to the availability of
                       EEPROM space to the Security IC Embedded Software:
                              •    For P60D024/016/012P 512 Bytes are reserved for Security Rows and
                                   configuration data of the manufacturer and 768 Bytes are reserved for IC Dedicated
                                   Support Software control data (see Table 6).
                              •    For P60D024/016/012M and P60D024/016/012D 512 Bytes are reserved for
                                   Security Rows and configuration data of the manufacturer, 512 Bytes are reserved
                                   for IC Dedicated Support Software control data and depending on the MIFARE
                                   Software configuration8 several bytes are reserved for MIFARE Software (see
                                   Table 7).
                       Each major configuration is provided with several minor configuration options, which are
                       introduced in Section 1.4.2.2. Each major configuration also provides customers with
                       several options for reconfiguration (Post Delivery Configuration), which are described in
                       Section 1.4.2.3 in detail.

                       Table 6.       Available EEPROM memory to the Security IC Embedded Software
                                      (P60D024/016/012P)
                                                           Major configuration
                                      P60D024P                                                  P60D016P                   P60D012P
                                      24 kBytes                                                  16 kBytes                 12 kBytes
                           except for 512 Bytes reserved for Security Rows and configuration data of the manufacturer and
                                 768 Bytes reserved for IC Dedicated Support Software control data (Firmware OS)




                       8
                           The configuration of the MIFARE Software can be selected via Order Entry Forms [13], [14] and [15].
                                            All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                                Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                10 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                                   Security Target Lite


                          Table 7.    Available EEPROM memory to the Security IC Embedded Software
                                      (P60D024/016/012M and P60D024/016/012D)
                                                   Major configuration
         P60D024M/ P60D024D                                 P60D016M/ P60D016D                                             P60D012M/ P60D012D
                24 kBytes                                               16 kBytes                                                 12 kBytes
   except for 512 Bytes reserved for Security Rows and configuration data of the manufacturer and 512 Bytes reserved for
     IC Dedicated Support Software control data (Firmware OS) and depending on the MIFARE Software configuration
                                       several bytes reserved for MIFARE Software:


                         Available                                                    Available                                              Available
                       EEPROM to                                                    EEPROM to                                              EEPROM to
        MIFARE                                         MIFARE                                                             MIFARE
                       the Security                                                 the Security                                           the Security
        Software                                       Software                                                           Software
                      IC Embedded                                                  IC Embedded                                            IC Embedded
      Configuration                                  Configuration                                                      Configuration
                         Software                                                     Software                                               Software
                          [Byte]                                                       [Byte]                                                 [Byte]
          MP0              23552                             MP0                          15360                             MP0                  11264
          MP2              19968                             MP2                          11776                             MP2                   7680
          MP4              17152                             MP4                           8960                             MP4                   4864
           D0              23552                               D0                         15360                              D0                  11264
           D2              20480                               D2                         12288                              D2                   8192
           D4              17920                               D4                          9728                              D4                   5632
           D8              14848                               D8                          6656                              D8                   2560


                          The evaluated major configurations ‘P’, ‘M’, and ‘D’ for OS emulations can be selected via
                          Order Entry Forms [13], [14] and [15] respectively, by selecting value “P: Plain version, no
                          emulation”, “M: MIFARE Plus” or “D: MIFARE DESFire EV1” of the “MIFARE
                          implementations Convergence Selection” option.



                1.4.2.2     Minor configuration options
                          Minor configuration options can be selected by the customer via Order Entry Forms [13],
                          [14] and [15]. The first seven characters in the name of a major configuration give the type
                          name and therewith the Order Entry Form belonging to. The Order Entry Form identifies the
                          minor configuration options, which are supported by a major configuration out of those
                          introduced in Table 1.

                          Table 8.    Evaluated minor configuration options
                           Name               Value               Description
                           Resource                 • YES                                   Reconfiguration during card personalization enabled or
                           Configuration            • NO                                    not.
                           Option (Hardware
                           PDC) enabled
                           Contactless              • ATQ0 Value                            Defines contactless communication protocol
                           Communication            • ATQ1 Value                            parameters.
                           Parameters
                                                    • SAK Value
                                                    • TA Value
                           ROM read                 • YES                                   Instructions executed from EEPROM are allowed or
                           instructions             • NO                                    not to read ROM contents.




                                           All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.                   © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                               Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                              11 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                  P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                               Security Target Lite



                           Name                    Value                                      Description
                           executed from
                           EEPROM allowed
                           ROM read                   • YES                                   Read access by Copy Machine to ROM is allowed or
                           instructions by            • NO                                    not.
                           Copy Machine
                           allowed
                           EEPROM read                • YES                                   Read access by Copy Machine to EEPROM is allowed
                           instructions by            • NO                                    or not.
                           Copy Machine
                           allowed
                           code execution             • YES                                   Code execution from RAM allowed or not.
                           from RAM                   • NO
                           allowed

                           Activation of              • YES                                   When the Card Disable Function is allowed, the TOE
                           “Card Disable”             • NO                                    can be locked completely. Once set by the Security IC
                           feature allowed                                                    Embedded Software, execution of the Security IC
                                                                                              Embedded Software is inhibited after the next reset.
                           EEPROM                     • YES                                   Erase of application content of EEPROM allowed or
                           application                • NO                                    not.
                           content erase
                           allowed
                           EDATASCALE                 • EDATA size will This value determines the size of the memory area
                           specification                be              available for the extended stack pointer.
                                                        EDATASCALE * Default is 10h
                                                        16 bytes
                           Inverse EEPROM             • YES                                   If inverse error correction is activated the detection
                           Error Correction           • NO                                    probability of fault injections to the EEPROM can be
                           Attack Detection                                                   increased.
                           activated
                           Access to                  • YES                                   Additionally 2 general purpose I/O pads (TP1/TP2) can
                           additional general         • NO                                    be accessed by the application OS.
                           purpose I/O pads
                           TP1 and TP2
                           allowed in System
                           Mode
                           CXRAM parity               • disabled (always Configuration of the CXRAM parity watchdog.
                           watchdog error               off)
                           configuration              • enabled after
                                                        watchdog
                                                        initialization
                                                        done
                                                      • enabled (always
                                                        on)
                           FXRAM parity               • disabled (always Configuration of the FXRAM parity watchdog.
                           watchdog error               off)
                           configuration              • enabled after
                                                        watchdog




                                             All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.           © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                                 Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                      12 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                  P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                                 Security Target Lite



                           Name                    Value                                      Description
                                                            initialization
                                                            done
                                                      • enabled (always
                                                        on)
                           Selection of reset         • ISO13239/                             Selection of CRC algorithm for ISO7816 enhanced
                           value for UART               HDLC                                  protocol support.
                           CRC algorithm              • de facto PC/SC
                 this aspect, refer to the guidance documentation.


1.4.2.3   Documentation
Refer to Section 1.4.1 for the documentation, which forms part of the TOE delivery.

1.4.3     Security during Development and Production
During the design, the layout process of the IC and the development of the software only people involved in the
specific development project have access to sensitive data. The security measures installed within NXP ensure a
secure computer system and provide appropriate equipment for the different development tasks.
The developers of NXP Semiconductors, Business Unit Security & Connectivity provide the verified layout data
directly to the wafer fab. The wafer fab generates and forwards the layout data related to the different photo masks
to the manufacturer of the photo masks. The photo masks are generated off-site and verified against the design
data of the development before the usage. The accountability and the traceability is ensured among the wafer fab
and the photo mask provider.
The test process of every die is performed by a test centre of NXP. Delivery processes between the involved
sites provide accountability and traceability of the produced wafers. NXP embeds the die into specific modules
(as stated in section 1.4.1.1), based on customer demand. Information about non-functional items is stored
on magnetic/optical media enclosed with the delivery, available for download or the non-functional items are
physically marked.
In summary, the TOE can be delivered in two different forms:

     • Diced dies on wafers
     • Modules on a module reel

The different (package) types are described in detail in section 1.4.1.1




 Final                                                                                         ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                      Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                                11 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                                MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                             Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                     PUBLIC



1.4.4     Life Cycle and Delivery of the TOE
The life-cycle phases are according to the standard life-cycle for Security IC products as detailed in the Protection
Profile (see section 2.4 for details), Section 1.2.4:

     • Phase 1: IC Embedded Software Development

     • Phase 2: IC Development

     • Phase 3: IC Manufacturing

     • Phase 4: IC Packaging

     • Phase 5: Composite Product Integration

     • Phase 6: Personalisation

     • Phase 6a (Optional): Finalization of the personalization

     • Phase 7: Operational Usage

During TOE packaging TOE will be embedded either in a plastic inlay (plastic layer containing printed or wired
antenna) for direct antenna connection or in one of the supported package types (MOA4 or MOA8). The module
and card embedding of the TOE provide external security mechanisms because they make it harder for an
attacker to access parts of the TOE for physical manipulation.


Regarding the Application Note 1 of the Protection Profile, NXP will deliver the TOE at the end of Phase 6 in
delivery form listed in Section 1.4.1.1. Therefore, the TOE evaluation perimeter comprising the development and
production environment of the TOE, consists of life-cycle phases 1 - 6. The TOE is fully integrated composite
product is comprised of the underlying security IC HW combined with the embedded software developed by NXP.
Therefore, the Phase 5 is fully under control of NXP and does not involve data exchange with other parties.


The developer also provides a commercial option to configure the TOE on behalf of the customer in order to
personalize before the usage. Alternatively, the customer can also finalize the partially personalized TOE after
delivery. In case that all required security anchors (key material) are already installed during personalization by
NXP, the customer can finalize the personalization of the file system content relying on the operational security
features of the TOE.


The TOE Software is embedded in the TOE during the TOE evaluation perimeter (life-cycle phases 1 - 6)
and the TOE does not allow the modification of installation of any piece of IC Embedded Software after TOE
delivery. Moreover, the TOE is being locked to the user operating mode before TOE delivery at the end of Phase 6.




 Final                                                                                          ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                        Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                               12 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                                MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                                 Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                        PUBLIC



The TOE is able to control different logical phases. After production of the chip every start-up will lead to the initial
operating mode. In the initial operating mode the production test shall be performed and the TOE is trimmed
and initialized. The selection of the required variant is part of the initialization. At the end of the production test,
the access to the test and initialization software is disabled. Subsequent start-ups of the chip will always enter
the user operating mode with the CPU executing the TOE operating system software. The TOE will stay in the
user operating mode until the end of its life-time. In exceptional cases, which impact the integrity of the TOE in
a non-recoverable way (typically if the TOE configuration is corrupted or TOE faces physical damage) the TOE
switches into the mute or freeze operating mode. In those modes the TOE is effectively unusable.



1.4.5     TOE Intended Usage
The TOE user environment is the environment from TOE Delivery to Phase 7. At the phases up to 6, the TOE
user environment must be a controlled environment. The only exception is that customer specific keys can be
installed using trust provisioning services in Phase 6. In this case the customer can finalize the personalization
in the subsequent personalization finalization Phase 6a already relying on the TOE provided operational security
services. Regarding to Phase 7, the TOE is used by the end-user. The method of use of the product in this phase
depends on the application. The TOE is intended to be used in an unsecured environment that does not avoid a
threat.


The device is developed for security relevant applications that require protection against enhanced-basic attack
potential. In case that additional resistance against a high-attack potential is required, the MIFARE product
portfolio also offers stronger alternatives (like MIFARE DESFire EV2). The product is designed for embedding
into contactless integrated circuit cards according to ISO 14443 [10][12][13][11]. Usually the TOE is assigned to
a single individual only and can be used for a single application only. The secret data shall be used as input for
the calculation of authentication data, encryption and integrity protection of data for communication.

In the end-user environment (Phase 7) Security ICs are used in a wide range of applications to assure authorized
conditional access. Examples of such are transportation or access management. The end-user environment
therefore covers a wide spectrum of very different functions, thus making it difficult to avoid and monitor any
abuse attempts of the TOE.


The system integrators such as the terminal software developer may use samples of the TOE during the develop-
ment phases for their testing purposes. These samples do not differ from the TOE, they do not have any additional
functionality used for testing.
Remark 2. The phases from TOE Delivery to Phase 7 of the Security IC life cycle are not part of the TOE
construction process in the sense of this Security Target. Information about those phases is just included to
describe how the TOE is used after its construction. The security features of the TOE cannot be disabled in these




 Final                                                                                             ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                        Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                                  13 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                             MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                          Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                  PUBLIC



phases.

1.4.6     Interface of the TOE
The pads to connect the RF antenna form the electrical interface of the TOE.


The functional interface is defined by the commands implemented by the TOE and described in datasheets listed
in Table 1 within Section 1.4.1.


The chip surface can be seen as an interface of the TOE, too. This interface must be taken into account regarding
environmental stress e.g. like temperature and in the case of an attack where the attacker e.g. manipulates the
chip surface.




 Final                                                                                       ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                     Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                               14 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                               MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                             Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                     PUBLIC




2        Conformance Claims
2.1        CC Conformance Claim
This Security Target claims to be conformant to the Common Criteria version 3.1, Revision 5:

     • Common Criteria for Information Technology Security Evaluation, Part 1 – Introduction and general model -
         Version 3.1 CCMB-2017-04-001, Revision 5, April 2017, [2]
     • Common Criteria for Information Technology Security Evaluation, Part 2 – Security functional components,
         Version 3.1 CCMB-2017-04-002, Revision 5, April 2017, [3]
     • Common Criteria for Information Technology Security Evaluation, Part 3 – Security Assurance Components,
         Version 3.1 CCMB-2017-04-003, Revision 5, April 2017, [4]

For the evaluation the following methodology will be used:

     • Common Methodology for Information Technology Security Evaluation – Evaluation Methodology, Version
         3.1 CCMB-2017-04-004, Revision 5, April 2017, [5]

This Security Target claims to be CC Part 2 extended and CC Part 3 conformant. The extended Security Func-
tional Requirements are defined in chapter 6.


2.2        Package Claim
This Security Target claims conformance to the assurance level EAL4, which in particular includes the resistance
against an enhanced-basic attack potential (as implied by the inclusion of AVA_VAN.3).


2.3        PP Claim
This Security Target does not claim conformance to any Protection Profile.


2.4        Conformance Claim Rationale
Even though this Security Target does not claim conformance to any Protection Profile, the general modelling
approach of the security problem definition and the structure of the security functional requirements have been
taken from the Security IC Platform Protection Profile with Augmentation Packages [9]. Whenever referring to
’Protection Profile’, the reader of this Security Target must be aware about section 2.3 and the current section.


The TOE is a similar product-type (embedded software running on a security IC intended to be embedded in one
of the different package types stated in section 1.4.1.1). The primary difference is in the claimed attack resistance
level, which is justified by the value of the assets protected by the TOE. A second difference is that the Protection
Profile formulates the security objectives for the security IC form the perspective of a generic platform protecting




 Final                                                                                          ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                       Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                                15 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                            MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                       Security Target Lite
                                                                                                              PUBLIC



arbitrary kinds of embedded software implementations. In contrast, the TOE is evaluated as a combination of a
hardware platform together with the an Operating System (OS) functionality.


Therefore, the following modifications and precisions for the TOE use-case have been made: The assumption
A.Resp-Appl and the related objective for the TOE environment OE.Resp-Appl have not been taken from the
Protection Profile because they formulate assumptions on the behaviour of the embedded-software, which is for
the platform part of the TOE and not of the environment of the TOE.




 Final                                                                                   ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                    Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                            16 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                                 MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                               Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                      PUBLIC




3        Security Problem Definition
Although this Security Target does not claim conformance to any Protection Profile, the general modelling ap-
proach of the security problem definition and the structure of the security functional requirements have been
taken over from the Protection Profile. The only deviation is explained in section 2.4. In the following paragraphs
only the extensions of the different sections are detailed. The elements of the Security Problem Definition that are
not extended in the Security Target are not repeated in this Security Target, they are cited here for completeness
only.


3.1        Description of Assets
The assets, which are related to the high-level concerns defined in Section 3.1 of the Protection Profile, are related
to standard functionality and are applied in this Security Target. The high-level concerns are cited in the following:

     • Integrity and confidentiality of User Data stored and in operation. More concretely, the user-data com0rises
         the data and key material contained in files in the file system, customer configurable configuration options,
         as well as NXP configuration data and other administrative information that ensures proper operation of the
         operating system.
     • Integrity and confidentiality of UID depending on configuration
     • Integrity of the Security IC Embedded Software, stored and in operation,
     • Correct operation of the Security Services provided by the TOE for the Security IC Embedded Software,
     • Deficiency of random numbers.

To be able to protect the assets based on these concerns, the TOE shall protect its security functionality. There-
fore, critical information about the TOE shall be protected. Critical information includes:

     • Logical design data, physical design data, IC Dedicated Software, Security IC Embedded Software and
         configuration data.
     • Initialization Data and Pre-personalization Data, specific development aids, test and characterization related
         data, material for software development support, and photo masks.

Observe that the protection requirements for the assets are defined by the assumed enhanced-basic attack po-
tential and as such can be often lower than for products aiming at resisting against an attacker with a high attack
potential. Also note that all assets valid for this TOE are considered when specifying the threats defined in the
subsequent section.


3.2        Threats
All threats, defined in section 3.2 of the Protection Profile, are valid for this Security Target. These threats are
listed in table 3.1. In addition the threat T.Masquerade_TOE is applicable for this TOE as stated below.




 Final                                                                                           ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                         Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                               17 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                                        MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                                      Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                             PUBLIC



T.Masquerade_TOE         Masquerade the TOE
                         An attacker may threaten the property being a genuine TOE by producing a chip which is not a
                         genuine TOE but wrongly identifying itself as genuine TOE sample.


            Name                                     Title
            T.Leak-Inherent                          Inherent Information Leakage
            T.Phys-Probing                           Physical Probing
            T.Malfunction                            Malfunction due to Environmental Stress
            T.Phys-Manipulation                      Physical Manipulation
            T.Leak-Forced                            Forced Information Leakage
            T.Abuse-Func                             Abuse of Functionality
            T.RND                                    Deficiency of Random Numbers
            T.Masquerade_TOE                         Masquerade the TOE

                                         Tab. 3.1: Threats defined in the Protection Profile


Considering the Application Note 4 in the Protection Profile, the following additional threats are defined in this
Security Target:


            Name                                     Title
            T.Data-Modification                      Unauthorised Data Modification
            T.Impersonate                            Impersonating authorised users during authentication
            T.Cloning                                Cloning

                                   Tab. 3.2: Additional Threats defined in this Security Target


T.Data-Modification      Unauthorised Data Modification
                         User data stored by the TOE may be modified by unauthorised subjects. This threat applies to the
                         processing of modification commands received by the TOE, it is not concerned with verification of
                         authenticity.

T.Impersonate            Impersonating authorised users during authentication
                         An unauthorised subject may try to impersonate an authorised subject during the authentication
                         sequence, e.g. by a man-in-the middle or replay attack in order to affect user data stored by the
                         TOE.

T.Cloning                Cloning
                         User and TSF data stored on the TOE (including keys) may be read out by an unauthorised subject
                         in order to create a duplicate.




 Final                                                                                                  ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                              Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                                 18 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                                     MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                                        Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                                PUBLIC




3.3      Organizational Security Policies
All security policies defined in Section 3.3 of the Protection Profile are taken over to this Security Target. These
security policies are listed in Table 3.3.


          Name                                      Title
          P.Process-TOE                             Identification during TOE Development and Production

                                       Tab. 3.3: Policies defined in the Protection Profile


In compliance with Application Note 5 in the Protection Profile, this Security Target defines additional security
policies as detailed in the following.


The hardware and underlying firmware supplies security functionality which is further used by the operating
system software. In the following specific security functionality is listed, which is not derived from threats identified
for the TOE’s environment, because it can only be decided in the context of the specific application, against which
threats the TOE Software will use the specific security functionality.


The IC Developer / Manufacturer therefore applies the policies Confidentiality during communication, Integrity
during communication, Transaction mechanism and Un-traceability of end-users as specified below.

          Name                                      Title
          P.Encryption                              Confidentiality during communication
          P.MAC                                     Integrity during communication
          P.Transaction                             Transaction mechanism
          P.No-Trace                                Un-traceability of end-users
          P.Tag-Tamper                              Tag tamper detection

                                   Tab. 3.4: Additional Policies defined in this Security Target


P.Encryption              Confidentiality during communication
                          The TOE shall provide the possibility to protect selected data elements from eavesdropping during
                          contactless communication.

P.MAC                     Integrity during communication
                          The TOE shall provide the possibility to protect the contactless communication from modification
                          or injections. This includes especially the possibility to detect replay or man-in-the-middle attacks
                          within a session.

P.Transaction             Transaction mechanism




 Final                                                                                                     ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                            Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                                      19 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                                  MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                                        Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                               PUBLIC



                      The TOE shall provide the possibility to combine a number of data modification operations in one
                      transaction, so that either all operations or no operation at all is performed.

Remark 3. This policy is only relevant for MIFARE DESFire Light and MIFARE IDentity variants of the TOE.

P.No-Trace            Un-traceability of end-users
                      The TOE shall provide the ability that authorised subjects can prevent that end-user of TOE may be
                      traced by unauthorised subjects without consent. Tracing of end-users may happen by performing
                      a contactless communication with the TOE when the end-user is not aware of it. Typically this
                      involves retrieving the UID or any freely accessible data element.

Remark 4. This policy is only relevant for MIFARE DESFire Light and MIFARE IDentity variants of the TOE.

P.Tag-Tamper          Tag tamper detection
                      The TOE shall provide the possibility to detect and permanently record tampering status on the tag
                      tamper wire.

Remark 5. This policy is only relevant for the NTAG42xTf variant of the TOE.


3.4      Assumptions
One of the assumptions defined in Section 3.4 of the Protection Profile is taken over to this Security Target. These
assumptions are listed in Table 3.5. Section 2.2 clarifies the omitted assumptions with their reasoning.

          Name                                   Title
          A.Process-Sec-IC                       Protection during Packaging, Finishing and Personalisation

                             Tab. 3.5: Assumptions defined in the Security IC Protection Profile


In compliance with Application Notes 6 and 7 in the Protection Profile, this Security Target defines two additional
assumptions as follows.


A.Secure_Values       Usage of secure values
                      Only confidential and secure cryptographically strong keys shall be used to set up the authentica-
                      tion. These values are generated outside the TOE and they are downloaded to the TOE.

A.Terminal_Support    Terminal support to ensure integrity, confidentiality and use of random numbers
                      The terminal verifies information sent by the TOE in order to ensure integrity and confidentiality of
                      the communication. Furthermore the terminal shall provide random numbers according to AIS20
                      (see [14]) or AIS31 (see [15]) for the authentication.

These assumptions are summarized in Table 3.6.




 Final                                                                                                    ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                                       20 of 62
NXP Semiconductors                                MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                                Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                       PUBLIC



        Name                                  Title
        A.Secure_Values                       Usage of secure values
        A.Terminal_Support                    Terminal support to ensure integrity, confidentiality and use of
                                              random numbers

                           Tab. 3.6: Additional Assumptions defined in this Security Target




Final                                                                                             ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                       Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                                   21 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                                     MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                                     Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                             PUBLIC




4        Security Objectives
4.1      Security Objectives for the TOE
All security objectives for the TOE, which are defined in section 4.1 of the Protection Profile, are applied to this
Security Target and listed in table 4.1.


             Name                             Title
             O.Leak-Inherent                  Protection against Inherent Information Leakage
             O.Phys-Probing                   Protection against Physical Probing
             O.Malfunction                    Protection against Malfunctions
             O.Phys-Manipulation              Protection against Physical Manipulation
             O.Leak-Forced                    Protection against Forced Information Leakage
             O.Abuse-Func                     Protection against Abuse of Functionality
             O.Identification                 TOE Identification
             O.RND                            Random Numbers

                        Tab. 4.1: Security Objectives of the TOE taken from the Protection Profile


Regarding the Application Notes 8 and 9 in the Protection Profile, additional security objectives that are based on
additional functionality provided by the TOE, are defined and listed in table 4.2.


             Name                             Title
             O.Access-Control                 Access Control
             O.Authentication                 Authentication
             O.Encryption                     Confidential Communication
             O.MAC                            Integrity-protected Communication
             O.Type_Consistency               Data type consistency
             O.Transaction                    Transaction mechanism
             O.No-Trace                       Preventing Traceability
             O.Tag-Tamper                     Tag tamper detection

                          Tab. 4.2: Security Objectives of the TOE defined in this Security Target


These additional security objectives are specified as follows.
O.Access-Control          Access Control
                          The TOE must provide an access control mechanism for data stored by it. The access control
                          mechanism shall apply to read, modify, create and delete operations for data elements and to
                          reading and modifying security attributes as well as authentication data. It shall be possible to




 Final                                                                                                  ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                             Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                                  22 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                                  MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                                    Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                            PUBLIC



                         limit the right to perform a specific operation to a specific user. The security attributes (keys)
                         used for authentication shall never be output.

O.Authentication         Authentication
                         The TOE must provide an authentication mechanism in order to be able to authenticate autho-
                         rised users. The authentication mechanism shall be resistant against replay and man-in-the-
                         middle attacks.

O.Encryption             Confidential Communication
                         The TOE must be able to protect the communication by encryption. This shall be implemented
                         by security attributes that enforce encrypted communication for the respective data elements.

O.MAC                    Integrity-protected Communication
                         The TOE must be able to protect the communication by adding a MAC. This shall be implemented
                         by security attributes that enforce integrity protected communication for the respective data ele-
                         ments. Usage of the protected communication shall also support the detection of injected and
                         bogus commands within the communication session before the protected data transfer.

O.Type_Consistency       Data type consistency
                         The TOE must provide a consistent handling of the different supported data types. This com-
                         prises over- and underflow checking for values, for data file sizes and record handling.

O.Transaction            Transaction mechanism
                         The TOE must be able to provide a transaction mechanism that allows to update multiple data
                         elements either all in common or none of them.

O.No-Trace               Preventing Traceability
                         The TOE must be able to prevent that the TOE end-user can be traced. This shall be done by
                         providing an option that disables the transfer of any information that is suitable for tracing an
                         end-user by an unauthorised subject.

O.Tag-Tamper             Tag tamper detection
                         The TOE must be able to detect and permanently record tampering status on the tag tamper
                         wire.


4.2      Security Objectives for the Environment
In addition to the security objective for the operational environment as required by CC Part 1 [2], all security
objectives for the operational environment, which are defined in section 4.3 of the Protection Profile, are applied
to this Security Target and listed in table 4.3.




 Final                                                                                                 ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                                    23 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                                        MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                                       Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                               PUBLIC



                 Name                            Title
                 OE.Process-Sec-IC               Protection during composite product manufacturing

                  Tab. 4.3: Security Objectives of the Operational Environment taken from the Protection Profile


In addition, the following additional security objectives for the operational environment are defined in this Security
Target and listed in table 4.4.


                 Name                            Title
                 OE.Secure_Values                Generation of secure values
                 OE.Terminal_Support             Terminal support to ensure integrity, confidentiality and use of
                                                 random numbers

                   Tab. 4.4: Security Objectives of the Operational Environment defined in this Security Target


The TOE provides specific functionality that requires the TOE Manufacturer to implement measures for the unique
identification of the TOE. Therefore, OE.Secure_Values is defined to allow a TOE specific implementation (refer
also to A.Secure_Values).
OE.Secure_Values             Generation of secure values
                             The environment shall generate confidential and cryptographically strong keys for authentication
                             purpose. These values are generated outside the TOE and they are downloaded to the TOE
                             during the personalisation or usage in phase 5 to 7

The TOE provides specific functionality to verify the success of the application download process. Therefore,
OE.Terminal_Support is defined to allow triggering the verification process.
OE.Terminal_Support          Terminal support to ensure integrity, confidentiality and use of random numbers
                             The terminal shall verify information sent by the TOE in order to ensure integrity and confiden-
                             tiality of the communication. This involves checking of MAC values, verification of redundancy
                             information according to the cryptographic protocol and secure closing of the communication
                             session. Furthermore the terminal shall provide random numbers according to AIS20 (see [14])
                             or AIS31 (see [15]) for the authentication.


4.3        Security Objectives Rationale
Section 4.4 in the Protection Profile provides a rationale how the threats, organisational security policies and
assumptions are addressed by the security objectives defined in the Protection Profile. Table 4.5 summarizes this.


         Security Problem Definition            Security Objective                    Notes
         T.Leak-Inherent                        O.Leak-Inherent




 Final                                                                                                    ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                                Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                                 24 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                                       MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                                         Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                                    PUBLIC



         Security Problem Definition            Security Objective                      Notes
         T.Phys-Probing                         O.Phys-Probing
         T.Malfunction                          O.Malfunction
         T.Phys-Manipulation                    O.Phys-Manipulation
         T.Leak-Forced                          O.Leak-Forced
         T.Abuse-Func                           O.Abuse-Func
         T.RND                                  O.RND
         P.Process-TOE                          O.Identification                        Phases 2–3
         A.Process-Sec-IC                       OE.Process-Sec-IC                       Phases 4–6
         T.Masquerade_TOE                       OE.Process-Sec-IC

                          Tab. 4.5: Security Objectives vs. Security Problem Definition (Protection Profile)


Table 4.6 summarizes how threats, organisational security policies and assumptions are addressed by the
security objectives with respect to those items defined in the Security Target. All these items are in line with those
in the Protection Profile.


         Security Problem Definition            Security Objective                      Notes
         T.Data-Modification                    O.Access-Control
                                                O.Type_Consistency
                                                OE.Terminal_Support
         T.Impersonate                          O.Authentication
         T.Cloning                              O.Access-Control
                                                O.Authentication
         P.Encryption                           O.Encryption
         P.MAC                                  O.MAC
         P.Transaction                          O.Transaction
         P.No-Trace                             O.Access-Control
                                                O.Authentication
                                                O.No-Trace
         P.Tag-Tamper                           O.Tag-Tamper
         A.Secure_Values                        OE.Secure_Values
         A.Terminal_Support                     OE.Terminal_Support

                           Tab. 4.6: Security Objectives vs. Security Problem Definition (Security Target)


The rationale for the threat T.Masquerade_TOE is given below:

Justification related to T.Masquerade_TOE:




 Final                                                                                                         ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                              Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                                        25 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                               MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                                   Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                           PUBLIC



          Objective                           Rationale
          OE.Process-Sec-IC                   The Security Objective for the Operational Environment requires
                                              that the confidentiality and integrity of the TOE is maintained.
                                              Thus the threat is covered.


The rationale for all items defined in the Security Target is given below.

Justification related to T.Data-Modification:

          Objective                           Rationale
          O.Access-Control                    This objective requires an access control mechanism that limits
                                              the ability to modify data and code elements stored by the TOE.
          O.Type_Consistency                  This objective ensures that data types are adhered, so that TOE
                                              data can not be modified by abusing type-specific operations.
          OE.Terminal_Support                 This objective requires that the terminal must support this by
                                              checking the TOE responses.


Justification related to T.Impersonate:

          Objective                           Rationale
          O.Authentication                    This objective requires that the authentication mechanism pro-
                                              vided by the TOE shall be resistant against attack scenarios tar-
                                              geting the impersonation of authorized users.


Justification related to T.Cloning:

          Objective                           Rationale
          O.Access-Control                    This objective requires that unauthorized users can not read any
                                              information that is restricted to the authorized subjects. The cryp-
                                              tographic keys used for the authentication are stored inside the
                                              TOE and are protected by this objective. This objective states
                                              that no keys used for authentication shall ever be output.
          O.Authentication                    This objective requires that users are authenticated before they
                                              can read any information that is restricted to authorized users.


Justification related to A.Secure_Values:

          Objective                           Rationale
          OE.Secure_Values                    This objective is an immediate transformation of the assumption,
                                              therefore it covers the assumption.




 Final                                                                                                ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                       Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                                      26 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                            MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                             Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                     PUBLIC



Justification related to A.Terminal_Support:

         Objective                        Rationale
         OE.Terminal_Support              This objective is an immediate transformation of the assumption,
                                          therefore it covers the assumption. The TOE can only check the
                                          integrity of data received from the terminal. For data transferred
                                          to the terminal the receiver must verify the integrity of the re-
                                          ceived data. Furthermore the TOE cannot verify the entropy of
                                          the random number sent by the terminal. The terminal itself must
                                          ensure that random numbers are generated with appropriate en-
                                          tropy for the authentication. This is assumed by the related as-
                                          sumption, therefore the assumption is covered.


Justification related to P.Encryption:

         Objective                        Rationale
         O.Encryption                     This objective is an immediate transformation of the security pol-
                                          icy, therefore it covers the Security policy.


Justification related to P.MAC:

         Objective                        Rationale
         O.MAC                            This objective is an immediate transformation of the security pol-
                                          icy, therefore it covers the Security policy.


Justification related to P.Transaction:

         Objective                        Rationale
         O.Transaction                    This objective is an immediate transformation of the security pol-
                                          icy, therefore it covers the Security policy.


Justification related to P.No-Trace:

         Objective                        Rationale
         O.Access-Control                 This objective provides means to implement access control to
                                          data elements on the TOE in order to prevent tracing based on
                                          freely accessible data elements.
         O.Authentication                 This objective provides means to implement authentication on the
                                          TOE in order to prevent tracing based on freely accessible data
                                          elements.




 Final                                                                                          ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                  Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                                     27 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                          MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                              Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                      PUBLIC



         Objective                       Rationale
         O.No-Trace                      This objective requires that the TOE shall provide an option to
                                         prevent the transfer of any information that is suitable for tracing
                                         an end-user by an unauthorized subject. This objective includes
                                         the UID.


Justification related to P.Tag-Tamper:

         Objective                       Rationale
         O.Tag-Tamper                    This objective is an immediate transformation of the security pol-
                                         icy, therefore it covers the Security policy.




 Final                                                                                           ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                 Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                                       28 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                             MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                         Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                PUBLIC




5        Extended Components Definitions
To define the Secure Dynamic Messaging property of the TOE, which is available in some configurations, an
additional component FDP_ETC.3 of the family FDP_ETC (export from the TOE) of the class FDP (user data
protection) is defined. This component describes the functional requirements for Secure Dynamic Messaging
capability of the TOE.


As defined in CC Part 2 [3], FDP class addresses user data protection. FDP_ETC family defines functions for
TSF-mediated exporting of user data from the TOE such that its security attributes and protection either can be
explicitly preserved or can be ignored once it has been exported. Export of user data in unauthenticated state
(FDP_ETC.3) addresses a similar concern but does not require a TOE enforcement of an access control SFP(s)
and/or information flow control SFP(s) as already defined components of the FDP_ETC family. Therefore the
extended component FDP_ETC.3 is defined.


This Security Target also re-uses the extended security functional requirements

     • FCS_RNG.1,
     • FMT_LIM.1,
     • FMT_LIM.2,
     • FAU_SAS.1,
     • and FDP_SDC.1

from Chapter 5 of the Protection Profile.


5.1      Export of user data in unauthenticated state (FDP_ETC.3)
Class and family behaviour are already defined in CC Part 2 [3].


Component leveling:




                           Fig. 5.1: Component Levelling of Extended Component FDP_ETC




 Final                                                                                     ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                     Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                             29 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                              MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                             Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                     PUBLIC



FDP_ETC                Export from the TOE

Management:            FDP_ETC.3
                       There are no management activities foreseen.

Audit:                 FDP_ETC.3
                       There are no actions defined to be auditable.
FDP_ETC.3              Export of user data in unauthenticated state

Hierarchical to:       No other components.

Dependencies           No dependencies.

FDP_ETC.3.1            The TSF shall export the following pieces of user data [assignment: pieces of user data]
                       with the following user data’s associated security attributes [assignment: list of security
                       attributes].

FDP_ETC.3.2            The TSF shall ensure that the security attributes, when exported outside the TOE, are
                       unambiguously associated with the exported user data.

FDP_ETC.3.3            The TSF shall enforce the following rules when user data is exported from the TOE: [as-
                       signment: additional exportation control rules].

The extended component is defined to capture the SDM feature provided by the TOE, which allows for the en-
crypted and authenticated extraction of user data without the need of establishing a trusted channel beforehand.
Due to this specific property, the existing data export SFRs FDP_ETC.1 and FDP_ETC.2 did not apply well.




 Final                                                                                          ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                     Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                                  30 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                                 MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                            Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                   PUBLIC




6        Security Requirements
This chapter defines the security requirements that shall be met by the TOE. These security requirements are
composed of the security functional requirements and the security assurance requirements that the TOE must
meet in order to achieve its security objectives.


CC allows several operations to be performed on security requirements (on the component level); refinement,
selection, assignment, and iteration are defined in Section 8.1 of CC Part 1 [2]. These operations are used in the
Protection Profile and in this Security Target, respectively.

The refinement operation is used to add details to requirements, and thus, further intensifies a requirement.
Refinements of security requirements are denoted in such a way that added words are in bold text.


The selection operation is used to select one or more options provided by the Protection Profile or CC in stating
a requirement. Selections having been made are denoted as italic text. The assignment operation is used to
assign a specific value to an unspecified parameter, such as the length of a password. Assignments having been
made are denoted as italic text.


The iteration operation is used when a component is repeated with varying operations. It is denoted by showing
brackets "’[iteration indicator]"’ and the iteration indicator within the brackets.


For the sake of a better readability, the iteration operation may also be applied to some single components (being
not repeated) in order to indicate belonging of such SFRs to same functional cluster. In such a case, the iteration
operation is applied to only one single component.


Whenever an element in the Protection Profile contains an operation that is left uncompleted, the Security Target
has to complete that operation.


6.1      Security Functional Requirements
6.1.1     SFRs of the Protection Profile
Table 6.1 shows all SFRs which are specified in the Protection Profile.

                 Name                           Title
                 FAU_SAS.1[HW]                  Audit Storage
                 FCS_RNG.1[HW]                  Random Number Generation (Class PTG.2)
                 FDP_ITT.1[HW]                  Basic Internal Transfer Protection
                 FDP_IFC.1                      Subset Information Flow Control




 Final                                                                                        ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                         Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                            31 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                                  MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                                    Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                            PUBLIC



                  Name                           Title
                  FDP_SDC.1[HW]                  Stored data confidentiality
                  FDP_SDI.2[HW]                  Stored data integrity monitoring and action
                  FMT_LIM.1[HW]                  Limited Capabilities
                  FMT_LIM.2[HW]                  Limited Availability
                  FPT_FLS.1                      Failure with Preservation of Secure State
                  FPT_ITT.1[HW]                  Basic Internal TSF Data Transfer Protection
                  FPT_PHP.3                      Resistance to Physical Attack
                  FRU_FLT.2                      Limited Fault Tolerance

                  Tab. 6.1: Security Functional Requirements defined in the Security IC Protection Profile


All assignment and selection operations of the SFR listed in the table above are performed except the operations
completed below:

For the FAU_SAS.1[HW] the Protection Profile leaves the assignment operation open for the persistent memory
type in which initialization data, pre-personalization data and/or other supplements for the Security IC Embedded
Software are stored. This assignment operation is filled in by the following statement. Note that the assignment
operations for the list of subjects and the list of audit information have already been filled in by the Protection
Profile.
FAU_SAS.1[HW]             Audit Storage

Hierarchical-To           No other components.

Dependencies              No dependencies.

FAU_SAS.1.1[HW]           The TSF shall provide the test process before TOE Delivery with the capability to store the
                          Initialisation Data and/or Pre-personalisation Data in the EEPROM.

For FCS_RNG.1.1 the Protection Profile partially fills in the assignment for the security capabilities of the RNG
by requiring a total failure test of the random source and adds an assignment operation for additional security
capabilities of the RNG. In addition, for FCS_RNG.1.2 the Protection Profile partially fills in the assignment oper-
ation for the defined quality metric for the random numbers by replacing it by a selection and assignment operation.

For the above operations the original operations defined in chapter 5 of the Protection Profile have been replaced
by the open operations in the statement of the security requirements in chapter 6 of the Protection Profile for
better readability. Note that the selection operation for the RNG type has already been filled in by the Protection
Profile.


FCS_RNG.1[HW]             Random Number Generation (Class PTG.2)

Hierarchical-To           No other components.

Dependencies              No dependencies.




 Final                                                                                                 ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                         Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                                     32 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                                MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                                     Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                             PUBLIC



FCS_RNG.1.1[HW]        The TSF shall provide a physical random number generator that implements:

                  (PTG.2.1) A total failure test detects a total failure of entropy source immediately when the RNG has
                             started. When a total failure is detected, no random numbers will be output.
                  (PTG.2.2) If a total failure of the entropy source occurs while the RNG is being operated, the RNG
                             prevents the output of any internal random number that depends on some raw random
                             numbers that have been generated after the total failure of the entropy source, generates
                             the internal random numbers with a post-processing algorithm of class DRG.2 as long as
                             its internal state entropy guarantees the claimed output entropy.
                  (PTG.2.3) The online test shall detect non-tolerable statistical defects of the raw random number
                             sequence (i) immediately when the RNG has started, and (ii) while the RNG is being
                             operated. The TSF must not output any random numbers before the power-up online test
                             has finished successfully or when a defect has been detected.
                  (PTG.2.4) The online test procedure shall be effective to detect non-tolerable weaknesses of the
                             random numbers soon.
                  (PTG.2.5) The online test procedure checks the quality of the raw random number sequence. It is
                             triggered applied on the following internal event: each time random numbers are drawn
                             from the RNG. The online test is suitable for detecting non-tolerable statistical defects of
                             the statistical properties of the raw random numbers within an acceptable period of time.
FCS_RNG.1.2[HW]        The TSF shall provide octets of bits that meet:

                  (PTG.2.6) Test procedure A 1 does not distinguish the internal random numbers from output se-
                             quences of an ideal RNG.
                  (PTG.2.7) The average Shannon entropy per internal random bit exceeds 0.997.

Note:                  The definition of the Security Functional Requirement FCS_RNG.1 has been taken from [1].

Note:                  The functional requirement FCS_RNG.1[HW] is a refinement of FCS_RNG.1 defined in the
                       Protection Profile according to [1].

Note:                  Application Note 20 in the Protection Profile requires that the Security Target specifies for the
                       security capabilities in FCS_RNG.1.1[HW] how the results of the total failure test of the random
                       source are provided to the TOE Software. The results of the internal test sequence are provided
                       to the TOE Software as a pass or fail criterion. The entropy of the random number is measured
                       by the Shannon-Entropy as follows: E = − 255
                                                                     P
                                                                       i=0 pi · log2 pi where pi is the probability that the
                       byte (b7 , b6 , . . . , b0 ) is equal to i as binary number. Here the term ”bit” means measure of the
                       Shannon-Entropy. The value ”7.976” is assigned due to the requirements of ”AIS31”, [15].
For FDP_SDC.1.1 the Protection Profile leaves the assignment operation open for the memory area in which
the TSF ensures the confidentiality of information of user data while being stored in that memory area. The
assignment operation is filled with the following statement.


FDP_SDC.1[HW]          Stored data confidentiality




 Final                                                                                                  ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                       Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                                        33 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                                  MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                                   Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                           PUBLIC



Hierarchical-To         No other components.

Dependencies            No dependencies.

FDP_SDC.1.1[HW]         The TSF shall ensure the confidentiality of the information of the user data while it is stored in
                        the RAM and EEPROM.

For FDP_SDI.2.1 the Protection Profile leaves the assignment operations open on the type of integrity errors
of user data and the attributes the user data is based on. For FDP_SDI.2.2 the Protection Profile leaves the
assignment operation open on the type of action that shall be taken upon registration of integrity errors. The
assignment operations are filled with the following statements.


FDP_SDI.2[HW]           Stored data integrity monitoring and action

Hierarchical-To         FDP_SDI.1 Stored data integrity monitoring

Dependencies            No dependencies.

FDP_SDI.2.1[HW]         The TSF shall monitor user data stored in containers controlled by the TSF for modification,
                        deletion, repetition or loss of data on all objects, based on the following attributes: integrity
                        check information associated with the data stored in memories.
FDP_SDI.2.2[HW]         Upon detection of a data integrity error, the TSF shall trigger a Security Reset.


6.1.2    Additional SFRs regarding Access Control
6.1.2.1 Access Control Policy
The Security Function Policy (SFP) Access Control Policy uses the following definitions:
The subjects are

         Subject        AppMgr                                  Application Manager
         Info           The AppMgr is the subject that owns or has access to the AppMasterKey. Note that
                        the TOE supports only a single Application.



         Subject        AppUser                                 Application User
         Info           The AppUser is the subject that owns or has access to an AppKey. Note that the
                        TOE supports multiple AppUser within the Application and the assigned rights to the
                        AppUser can be different, which allows to have more or less powerful AppUser. There
                        are 5 different AppKeys.



         Subject        OrigKeyUser                             Originality Key User
         Info           The OrigKeyUser is the subject that owns or has acces to an PICCOriginalityKeys. The
                        OrigKeyUser can authenticate with the TOE to prove the authenticity of the Security IC.




 Final                                                                                                ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                                   34 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                              MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                                     Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                            PUBLIC



         Subject      Anybody                                 Anybody
         Info         Any subject that does not belong to one of the roles AppMgr, AppUser or OrigKeyUser,
                      belongs to the role Anybody. This role includes the card holder (also referred to as
                      end-user), and any other subject like an attacker for instance. The subjects belonging
                      to Anybody do not possess any key and therefore are not able to perform any oper-
                      ation that is restricted to one of the roles which are explicitely excluded from the role
                      Anybody.



         Subject      Nobody                                  Nobody
         Info         Any subject that does not belong to one of the roles AppMgr, AppUser, OrigKeyUser
                      or Anybody, belongs to the role Nobody. Due to the definition of Anybody, the set of
                      all subjects belonging to the role Nobody is the empty set.


The objects are

         Object       Application                             Application
         Info         The card can store one Application at a time. An Application can store a number of
                      Files.
         Operation    Select                                  Select an Application.



         Object       File                                    File
         Info         An Application can store a number of File of different types.
         Info         Note that the TOE has a static file system. File.Create and File.Delete is only sup-
                      ported for TransactionMAC files and relevant for the variants MIFARE DESFire Light
                     nd MIFARE IDentity. File.Rename is only relevant for the variant MIFARE DESFire
                      Light.
         Operation    Create                                  Create a TransactionMAC File.
         Operation    Delete                                  Delete a TransactionMAC File.
         Operation    Freeze                                  Freeze attributes of File.
         Operation    Read                                    Read operations accessing the content of a File.
         Operation    Write                                   Write operations accessing the content of a File
         Operation    ReadWrite                               ReadWrite operations accessing the content of a
                                                              File
         Operation    Change                                  Change     operation     to   change    the     attribute
                                                              File.AccessRights
         Operation    Rename                                  Rename operation to change the name of a File.
         Attribute    AccessRights                            Generic access rights for File.




 Final                                                                                                 ©NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

 Evaluation documentation                      Rev. 1.0 – 2018-12-31                                                        35 of 62
 NXP Semiconductors                                MF2DL, MF2ID, NTAG42x(Tf)
                                                                                               Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                      PUBLIC



         Object        PICCOriginalityKeys                     PICC Originality Keys
         Info          Keys to check the originality of the card. They are not changeable.



         Object        AppMasterKey                            Application Master Key
         Info          Application Master Key
         Operation     Change                                 Change the AppMasterKey



         Object        AppKey                                  Application Key
         Info          Application Key. Note that there are five Application Keys.
         Operation     Change                                 Change the AppKey.



         Object        AppTranION OF THE FAMILY FAU_SAS .................................................................................76
    5.2     DEFINITION OF THE FAMILY FCS_RND ................................................................................76
    5.3     DEFINITION OF THE FAMILY FIA_API ..................................................................................77
    5.4     DEFINITION OF THE FAMILY FMT_LIM .................................................................................78
    5.5     DEFINITION OF THE FAMILY FPT_EMS .................................................................................80
6           SECURITY REQUIREMENTS ................................................................................ 81
    6.1    SECURITY FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS ................................................................................81
      6.1.1    Class Cryptographic Support (FCS) .........................................................................83
      6.1.2    Class FIA Identification and Authentication .............................................................87
      6.1.3    Class FDP User Data Protection ..............................................................................95
      6.1.4    Class FTP Trusted Path/Channels ......................................................................... 100
      6.1.5    Class FAU Security Audit ...................................................................................... 101
      6.1.6    Class FMT Security Management .......................................................................... 101
      6.1.7    Class FPT Protection of the Security Functions ...................................................... 107
      6.1.8    Class FPR ........................................................................................................... 109
    6.2    SECURITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS................................................................................ 110
    6.3    SECURITY REQUIREMENTS RATIONALE ................................................................................ 110
      6.3.1    Security Objectives for the TOE ........................................................................... 110
      6.3.2    Rationale tables of Security Objectives and SFRs................................................... 115
      6.3.3    Dependencies ..................................................................................................... 119
      6.3.4    Rationale for the Security Assurance Requirements ............................................... 122
      6.3.5    AVA_VAN.5 Advanced methodical vulnerability analysis ......................................... 123
      6.3.6    ALC_DVS.2 Sufficiency of security measures ......................................................... 123
7           TOE SUMMARY SPECIFICATION ....................................................................... 124
    7.1    TOE SUMMARY SPECIFICATION ......................................................................................... 124
      7.1.1    SF.IA Identification and Authentication ................................................................. 124
      7.1.2    SF.CF Cryptographic functions support ................................................................. 125
      7.1.3    SF.ILTB Protection against interference, logical tampering and bypass ................... 125
      7.1.4    SF.AC Access control / Storage and protection of logical travel document data ....... 126
      7.1.5    SF.SM Secure Messaging .........................................             • functionality to calculate the Data Encryption Standard (Triple-DES) with up to three
                             keys,
                           • functionality to calculate the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) with different key
                             lengths,
                           • support for large integer arithmetic operations like multiplication, addition and logical
                             operations, which are suitable for public key cryptography and elliptic curve
                             cryptography,
                           • a True Random Number Generator,
                           • memory management control,
                           • cyclic redundancy check (CRC) calculation,
                           • ISO/IEC 7816 contact interface with UART,
                           • ISO/IEC 14443 A contactless interface.
                       In addition, several security mechanisms are implemented to ensure proper operation as
                       well as integrity and confidentiality of stored data. For example, this includes security
                       mechanisms for memory protection and security exceptions as well as sensors, which allow




                                         All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                             Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                  4 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                           P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                   Security Target Lite



                       operation under specified conditions only. Memory encryption is used for memory protection
                       and chip shielding is added to the chip.
                       Note:        Large integer arithmetic operations are intended to be used for calculation of
                                    asymmetric cryptographic algorithms. Any asymmetric cryptographic
                                    algorithm utilizing the support for large integer arithmetic operations has to be
                                    implemented in the Security IC Embedded Software. Thus, the support for
                                    large integer arithmetic operations itself does not provide security functionality
                                    like cryptographic support. The Security IC Embedded Software implementing
                                    an asymmetric cryptographic algorithm is not included in this evaluation.
                                    Nevertheless the support for large integer arithmetic operations is part of the
                                    Security IC and therefore a security relevant component of the TOE, that must
                                    resist to the attacks mentioned in this Security Target and that must operate
                                    correctly as specified in the data sheet. The same scope of evaluation is
                                    applied to the CRC calculation.


                  1.3.2 TOE type
                       The P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF is provided as IC hardware platform for various
                       operating systems and applications with high security requirements.


                  1.3.3 Required non-TOE hardware/software/firmware
                       None.



                 1.4 TOE Description
                  1.4.1 Physical Scope of TOE
                       The P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF is manufactured in an advanced 90nm CMOS
                       technology. A block diagram of the IC is depicted in Fig 1.




                                      All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                  5 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                 P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                         Security Target Lite




                                    P60D012P/P60D016P/P60D024P
                                    P60D012M/P60D016M/P60D024M
                                    P60D012D/P60D016D/P60D024D


                                    P60D012P/P60D016P/P60D024P




                           Fig 1.    Block Diagram of P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF



                       The TOE consists of the IC hardware platform and Security IC Dedicated Software as
                       composed of Security IC Dedicated Test Software and Security IC Dedicated Support
                       Software. The Security IC Dedicated Test Software contains the Test-ROM Software; the
                       Security IC Dedicated Support Software contains the Boot-ROM Software and the
                       Firmware Operating System.All other software is called Security IC Embedded Software.
                       The Security IC Embedded Software is not part of the TOE.
                       The IC Dedicated Support Software consists of Boot-ROM Software controlling the boot
                       process of the hardware platform and the Firmware Operating System which can be called
                       by the Security IC Embedded Software.
                       The Firmware Operating System for the hardware platform is called the Plain Firmware
                       Operating System (FOS-Plain) and the Firmware Operating System for the MIFARE
                       Software Emulation is called the Emulation Firmware Operating System (FOS- Emu).
                       The FOS-Plain provides an interface for programming of the internal EEPROM memory,
                       which is mandatory for use by the Security IC Embedded Software when programming the
                       EEPROM memory. Furthermore FOS-Plain provides an interface for the Post Delivery
                       Configuration functionality.
                       All configurations other than P60D024/016/012P include emulation MIFARE Plus
                       MF1PLUSx0 or MIFARE DESFire EV1 in the FOS-Emu. These emulations are represented
                       by the term MIFARE Software in this document. Note that MIFARE Software is not part of
                       the TOE (see Fig 2).




                                            All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                                Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                  6 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                    P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                                 Security Target Lite



                          The documentation includes a Data Sheet, a description of the Instruction Set, a Guidance
                          Document for secure configuration and usage of the IC hardware platform and the IC
                          Dedicated Firmware by the Security IC Embedded Software, and a document describing
                          the delivery of the product. The components of the documentation are listed in Table 2.
                          The components of the IC hardware, IC Dedicated Test Software and IC Dedicated Support
                          Software differ for the major configurations given in Table 1. The TOE components for
                          P60D024/016/012P are given in Table 3, for P60D024/016/012M in Table 4 and for
                          P60D024/016/012D in Table 5.


                1.4.1.1        TOE components

                       Table 2.          Common components of the TOE
Type                 Name                                                                                                   Form of delivery
Document             Product Data Sheet SmartMX2 family P60D012/016/024 VB/VF Secure Electronic Document1
                     high-performance smart card controller, NXP Semiconductors,
                     Revision 5.2, Document Number 196752, 27 June 2014
Document             Product Errata Sheet SmartMX2 family P60D012/016/024 VB/VF                                             Electronic Document1
                     Secure high-performance smart card controller, NXP Semiconductors,
                     Revision 1.2, Document Number 453912, 24 October 2018
Document             Instruction Set for the SmartMX2 family, Secure smart card controller,                                 Electronic Document1
                     Revision 3.1, NXP Semiconductors, Document Number 147831, 02
                     February 2012
Document             Information on Guidance and Operation, NXP Secure Smart Card                                           Electronic Document1
                     Controller P60D012/016/024 VB/VF, Revision 2.4, Document Number
                     229024, NXP Semiconductors, 24 October 2018
Document             Product data sheet addendum: Wafer and delivery specification                                          Electronic Document1
                     SmartMX2 family P60D012/016/024 VB/VF, Revision 3.2, Document
                     Number 218032, 21 May 2014
Document             Product data sheet addendum: SmartMX2 family Post Delivery                                             Electronic Document1
                     Configuration (PDC), NXP Semiconductors, Revision 3.2, Document
                     Number 225032, 04 February 2013
Document             Product data sheet addendum: SmartMX2 family Chip Health Mode                                          Electronic Document1
                     (CHM), NXP Semiconductors, Revision 3.1, Document Number
                     224431, 01 October 2014


                          Additional TOE components for P60D024/016/012P

                       Table 3.          Components of the TOE for P60D024/016/012P
Type                 Name                                   Release Date                                                    Form of delivery
                                                                                          2
IC Hardware          NXP Secure Smart Card Controller                         VB(Y)               20 September 2011         wafer, module, inlay, package
                     P60D024/016/012PVB(Y)                                                                                  (dice have nameplate 9047A)
                     NXP Secure Smart Card Controller                         VB(Z) 2             12 September 2012         wafer, module, inlay, package
                     P60D024/016/012PVB(Z)                                                                                  (dice have nameplate 9047A)
                          1
                              The latest version of this document is available at www.docstore.nxp.com
                          2
                              Release VB(Y) can be identified by ROM Code number xxx in the range of 005 to 013 and 092 to 095. All
                                 other ROM Code numbers are assigned to version VB(Z) and VB(A). The ROM code number can
                                 unambiguously identified by reading Security Row bytes RCN0 (DFFF8A) and RCN1 (DFF8B), see [9].
                                 In addition the ROM Code number is physically visible on the dice surface according to [12]. Releases
                                 VB(Z), and VB(A) share the same underlying hardware, but were adapted for yield improvement
                                 compared to VB(Y). Compared to Release VB(Z) the release VB(A) introduces additional configuration
                                 option. Releases VB(Z), and VB(A) can be distinguished by the Device Coding of “NXP option of
                                 PATDET configuration selection” in DC4 (“initial” for VB(Z), “a” for VB(A), see [9].
                                               All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.           © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                                   Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                        7 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                               P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                            Security Target Lite



Type                 Name                                                Release Date                                  Form of delivery
                     NXP Secure Smart Card Controller                    VB(A) 2
                     P60D024/016/012PVB(A)
                     NXP Secure Smart Card Controller                    VF 3                27 November 2013          wafer, module, inlay, package
                     P60D024/016/012PVF                                                                                (dice have nameplate 9047B)
Security IC          Test-ROM Software                                   08.07               21 September 2011         Test-ROM on the chip acc. to
Dedicated Test                                                                                                         9047A_BG002_TESTROM_v1
Software                                                                                                               _btos_08v07_fos_5v0.hex
                     Boot-ROM Software                                   08.07               21 September 2011         Boot-ROM on the chip acc. to
                                                                                                                       9047A_BG002_TESTROM_v1
Security IC                                                                                                            _btos_08v07_fos_5v0.hex
Dedicated Support    Firmware Operating System (FOS)                     05.00 /             21 September 2011         Firmware Operating System
Software                                                                 05.03 4                                       on the chip acc. to
                                                                                                                       9047A_BG002_TESTROM_v1
                                                                                                                       _btos_08v07_fos_5v0.hex



                       Additional TOE components for P60D024/016/012M

                       Table 4.     Components of the TOE for P60D024/016/012M
Type                 Name                              Release Date                                                    Form of delivery
                                                                                     5
IC Hardware          NXP Secure Smart Card Controller                    VB(Y)               20 September 2011         wafer, module, inlay, package
                     P60D024/016/012MVB(Y)                                                                             (dice have nameplate 9047A)
                     NXP Secure Smart Card Controller                    VB(Z) 5             12 September 2012         wafer, module, inlay, package
                     P60D024/016/012MVB(Z)                                                                             (dice have nameplate 9047A)
                     NXP Secure Smart Card Controller                    VB(A) 5
                     P60D024/016/012MVB(A)
                     NXP Secure Smart Card Controller                    VF 6                27 November 2013          wafer, module, inlay, package
                     P60D024/016/012MVF                                                                                (dice have nameplate 9047B)
Security IC          Test-ROM Software                                   08.0A               17 April 2012             Test-ROM on the chip acc. to
Dedicated Test                                                                                                         9047A_BM097_TESTROM_v1
Software                                                                                                               _btos_08v0A_fos_6v10.hex
Security IC          Boot-ROM Software                                   08.0A               17 April 2012             Boot-ROM on the chip acc. to
Dedicated Support                                                                                                      9047A_BM097_TESTROM_v1
Software                                                                                                               _btos_08v0A_fos_6v10.hex


                       3
                        Release VF contains update of for EEPROM start-up circuit for yield improvement. Release VF can be
                            identified by check of the silicon version code VMSK according to section 4.2 in [12]: h46 for VF
                            (others have VMSK value: h42).
                       4
                         Version 05.03 includes extensions on top of 9047A_BG002_TESTROM_v1_btos_08v07_fos_5v0.hex
                            stored in the Firmware Mode EEPROM. Choice of FOS version is dependent of “NXP option for
                            EEPROM characteristics” in OEF, see [9]. Hardware VB(Y) is restricted to Version 05.00 only.
                       5
                         Release VB(Y) can be identified by ROM Code number xxx in the range of 005 to 013 and 092 to 095. All
                            other ROM Code numbers are assigned to version VB(Z) and VB(A). The ROM code number can
                            unambiguously identified by reading Security Row bytes RCN0 (DFFF8A) and RCN1 (DFF8B), see [9].
                            In addition, the ROM Code number is physically visible on the dice surface according to [12]. Releases
                            VB(Z), and VB(A) share the same underlying hardware, but were adapted for yield improvement
                            compared to VB(Y). Compared to Release VB(Z) the release VB(A) introduces additional configuration
                            option. Releases VB(Z), and VB(A) can be distinguished by the Device Coding of “NXP option of
                            PATDET configuration selection” in DC4 (“initial” for VB(Z), “a” for VB(A), see [9].
                       6
                         Release VF contains update of for EEPROM start-up circuit for yield improvement. Release VF can be
                            identified by check of the silicon version code VMSK according to section 4.2 in [12]: h46 for VF
                            (others have VMSK value: h42).
                                          All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.           © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                              Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                        8 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                     P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                                  Security Target Lite



Type                 Name                                                      Release Date                                  Form of delivery
                     Firmware Operating System (FOS)                           06.12 /             17 April 2012             Firmware Operating System
                                                                               06.13 7                                       on the chip acc. to
                                                                                                                             9047A_BM097_TESTROM_v1
                                                                                                                             _btos_08v0A_fos_6v10.hex



                           Additional TOE components for P60D024/016/012D

                      Table 5.            Components of the TOE for P60D024/016/012D
Type               Name                                      Release   Date                                                  Form of delivery
IC Hardware        NXP Secure Smart Card Controller                                  VF                27 November 2013      wafer, module, inlay, package
                   P60D024/016/012DVF                                                                                        (dice have nameplate 9047B)
Security IC        Test-ROM Software                                              08.0C                22 April 2013         Test-ROM on the chip acc. to
Dedicated Test                                                                                                               9047A_BJ094_TESTROM_v1
Software                                                                                                                     _btos_08v0C_fos_8v00.hex
                   Boot-ROM Software                                              08.0C                22 April 2013         Boot-ROM on the chip acc. to
                                                                                                                             9047A_BJ094_TESTROM_v1
Security IC                                                                                                                  _btos_08v0C_fos_8v00.hex
Dedicated        Firmware Operating System (FOS)                                   08.00               22 April 2013         Firmware Operating System
Support Software                                                                                                             on the chip acc. to
                                                                                                                             9047A_BJ094_TESTROM_v1
                                                                                                                             _btos_08v0C_fos_8v00.hex

                           The version of the Security IC Dedicated Software specified in Table 3, Table 4 and Table
                           5 can be identified by the Security IC Embedded Software by reading out the ROM Code
                           Number (RCN) as defined in [9], section 31.2.1. Furthermore, the version of the Firmware
                           Operating System as part of the Security IC Dedicated Support Software can be read-out
                           by Security IC Embedded Software using FVEC interface as specified in [9], section 13.4.1
                           Emulation Control Interface (FVEC0).


                 1.4.2 Evaluated configurations
                           The customer can select different logical configurations of the TOE. The configuration
                           options are structured as major and minor configuration options.


                 1.4.2.1        Major configuration options
                           The major configurations of the P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF are given in Table 1. All
                           major configurations are equipped with an EEPROM of 24 kBytes and both, the ISO/IEC
                           7816 contact interface and the ISO/IEC 14443 contactless interface. Their major differences
                           are related to the availability of EEPROM space. The ‘024’, ‘016’ and ‘012’ specify the
                           accessible EEPROM memory.
                           The ‘y’ indicates the selection of the Firmware Operating System (FOS). It is a placeholder for
                           either ‘P’, ‘M’ or ‘D’:
                                  •    ‘P’ indicates the absence of FOS-Emu
                                  •    ‘M’ indicates FOS-Emu with MIFARE Plus MF1PLUSx0
                           7
                               Version 06.12 and version 06.13 include extensions on top of
                                  9047A_BM097_TESTROM_v1_btos_08v0A_fos_6v10.hex stored in Firmware Mode EEPROM.
                                  Choice of FOS version is dependent of “NXP option for EEPROM characteristics” in OEF, see [9].
                                  Hardware VB(Y) is restricted to Version 06.12 only.
                                                All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.           © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                                    Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                        9 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                 P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                         Security Target Lite



                              •    ‘D’ indicates FOS-Emu with MIFARE DESFire EV1
                       The FOS-Emu including MIFARE Software is not part of the Evaluation.
                       Nine major configurations are present, which are denoted by the names P60D024P,
                       P60D016P, P60D012P, P60D024M, P60D016M, P60D012M, P60D024D, P60D016D and
                       P60D012D (see Table 1). The major configurations provide different versions of the IC
                       Dedicated Test Software and the IC Dedicated Support Software (see Table 3, Table 4
                       and Table 5).
                       One major difference between the major configurations ................................................. 138
                               Security Target Lite
                                                                                                      Ref.:
                        IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                                                                2018_2000036361
                        Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                                                   Page: 5/150
                              eMRTD Configuration)

ABBREVIATIONS .......................................................................................................... 149

REFERENCES ................................................................................................................ 149
                                Security Target Lite
                                                                                                Ref.:
                         IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                                                          2018_2000036361
                         Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                                             Page: 6/150
                               eMRTD Configuration)

Table of figures
Figure 1: TOE ......................................................................................................12
Figure 2: TOE life-cycle .........................................................................................18
                                Security Target Lite
                                                                                                Ref.:
                         IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                                                          2018_2000036361
                         Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                                             Page: 7/150
                               eMRTD Configuration)


Table of tables
Table 1 Threats and Security Objectives - Coverage .................................................71
Table 2 Security Objectives and Threats - Coverage .................................................72
Table 3 OSPs and Security Objectives - Coverage ....................................................73
Table 4 Security Objectives and OSPs - Coverage ....................................................74
Table 5 Assumptions and Security Objectives for the Operational Environment -
    Coverage .......................................................................................................75
Table 6 Security Objectives for the Operational Environment and Assumptions -
    Coverage .......................................................................................................75
Table 7 Security Objectives and SFRs - Coverage .................................................. 118
Table 8 SFRs Dependencies ................................................................................ 121
Table 9 SARs Dependencies ................................................................................ 122
                        Security Target Lite
                                                                    Ref.:
                 IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                              2018_2000036361
                 Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                 Page: 8/150
                       eMRTD Configuration)

1 ST Introduction
The aim of this document is to describe the Security Target for IDeal Pass v2.3-n
JC with Privacy Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic eMRTD Configuration), the
Machine Readable Travel Document (MRTD) with the ICAO application, Password
Authenticated Connection Establishment (covering PACE-GM, PACE-IM and PACE-
CAM), Extended Access Control and Polymorphic eMRTD on NXP JCOP 3 P60.

1.1 ST Identification
                Security Target Lite IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
Title
                Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic eMRTD Configuration)
Reference       2018_2000036361
Version         1.1
Certification
                NSCIB
Body
Author          IDEMIA
CC Version      3.1 Revision 5
Assurance
                EAL5 augmented with ALC_DVS.2 and AVA_VAN.5
Level
                Protection Profile Machine Readable Travel Document with ICAO
                Application, Extended Access Control with PACE (EAC PP) BSI-
                CC-PP-0056-V2-2012, Version 1.3.2, 5th December 2012 [EAC-
Protection      PP-V2]
Profiles
                Protection Profile Machine Readable Travel Document using
                Standard Inspection Procedure with PACE, BSI-CC-PP-0068-V2-
                MA-01, Version 1.0.1, 22 July 2014, BSI [PACE-PP].
                         Security Target Lite
                                                                      Ref.:
                  IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                                2018_2000036361
                  Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                   Page: 9/150
                        eMRTD Configuration)

1.2 TOE Reference
                 IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy Protection
TOE name
                 (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic eMRTD Configuration)
TOE              7126-9301-0311 for applet loaded in EEPROM
identification   7126-9301-0319 for applet loaded in ROM
TOE version      v2.3.0.14
Name of          NXP JCOP 3 P60 certified by the Dutch NSCIB certificatizon body
Platform         (CC-18-98209/2) on 29-11-2018
                 Platform ID: “JxHyyy0019790400” (SVN 6521; “OSB RC9”)
Platform
                 Patch ID: 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 (no patch)
identification
                           04 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 (PL4)
                 NXP Secure Smart Card Controller P6022y VB including IC
IC reference     Dedicated Software certified by the German BSI certification
                 body (BSI-DSZ-CC-1059-2018) on 18-05-2018
Crypto Lib       Crypto Library V3.1.x on P6022y VB certified by the Dutch
reference        NSCIB certification body (CC-18-67206) on 31-05-2018



1.3 TOE Overview
The Security Target (ST) defines the security objectives and requirements for a
contact or contactless based chip of machine readable travel documents (MRTD)
based on the requirements and recommendations of the International Civil
Aviation Organization (ICAO), EU requirements for biometric European passport
(Council Regulation (EC) No 2252/2004 and Commission Implementing Decision
6181) and Biometric European Resident Permit (REGULATION (EU) 2017/1954
and Commission Implementing Decision 6178). This product is intended to
enable verification of the authenticity of the travel document and to identify its
holder during a border control, using an inspection system. The verification
process is based on Extended Access Control with Password Authenticated
Connection Establishment (PACE) and optionally Active Authentication (AA).

The main features and their origin are the following:
 Password Authenticated Connection Establishment (PACE)
   according to ICAO Technical Report “Supplemental Access Control” [ICAO-
   9303] part 11 and strictly conform to BSI-CC-PP-0068-V2 [PACE-PP] for
   protection of the communication between terminal and chip. The following
   PACE mapping modes are supported and covered by the TOE:
      o    Generic Mapping (PACE-GM)
      o    Integrated Mapping (PACE-IM)
      o    Chip Authentication Mapping (PACE-CAM), which combines PACE-GM
           with Chip Authentication into a single protocol.
                         Security Target Lite
                                                                       Ref.:
                  IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                                 2018_2000036361
                  Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                   Page: 10/150
                        eMRTD Configuration)

   Chip Authentication v1
    according to BSI TR-03110 parts 1 and 3 [TR-03110-1], [TR-03110-3] and
    strictly conform to BSI-CC-PP-0056-V2-2012 [EAC-PP-V2], authenticates the
    travel document’s chip to the inspection system.
   Terminal Authentication v1
    according to BSI TR-03110 parts 1 and 3 [TR-03110-1], [TR-03110-3] and
    strictly conform to BSI-CC-PP-0056-V2-2012 [EAC-PP-V2], authenticates the
    inspection system to travel document’s chip and protects the confidentiality
    and integrity of the sensitive biometric reference data during their
    transmission from the TOE to the inspection system.

As a feature that can be optionally configured the TOE supports:
   Active Authentication
    which according to [ICAO-9303] prevents copying the SOD and proves that it
    has been read from the authentic chip. It proves that the chip has not been
    substituted.


   Polymorphic Authentication
    which according to [PCA-eMRTD] provides additional privacy by randomisation
    of returned Polymorphic Identities, Polymorphic Pseudonyms and
    Complementary Polymorphic ID attributes in combination with standard ICAO
    and EAC1 eMRTD protocols specified in ICAO Doc 9303 [ICAO-9303] and BSI
    TR-03110 parts 1 and 3 [TR-03110-1] and [TR 03110-3].

The TOE may also be used as an ISO driving license, compliant to ISO/IEC 18013
or ISO/IEC TR 19446 supporting PACE, AA and CA, as both applications (MRTD
and IDL) share the same protocols and data structure organization. Therefore, in
the rest of the document, the word “MRTD” MAY be understood either as a MRTD
in the sense of ICAO, or a driving license compliant to ISO/IEC 18013 or ISO/IEC
TR 19446 depending on the targeted usage envisioned by the issuer.

Application note
This TOE claims an assurance level EAL5 augmented with AVA_VAN.5 and
ALC_DVS.2. AVA_VAN.5 implies that the TOE is resistant to attacks performed by
an attacker possessing "High attack potential".
Not all key sizes specified in this security target have sufficient cryptographic
strength for satisfying the AVA_VAN.5 “high attack potential”. In order to be
protected against attackers with a "high attack potential", sufficiently large
cryptographic key sizes SHALL be configured for this TOE. References can be
found in national and international document standards. Further details have
been specified in the TOE’s guidance documentation [AGD_PRE].
                         Security Target Lite
                                                                   Ref.:
                  IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                             2018_2000036361
                  Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                               Page: 11/150
                        eMRTD Configuration)

1.4 TOE Description

1.4.1 TOE Definition
The Target of Evaluation (TOE) addressed by the current security target is an
electronic travel document representing a contactless / contact based smart card
or passport programmed according to Logical data structure (LDS) and protocols
specified in ICAO Doc 9303 [ICAO-9303] and additionally providing the Extended
Access Control according to BSI TR-03110 part 1 [TR-03110-1] and part 3 [TR-
03110-3] and Active Authentication according to [ICAO-9303]. The
communication between terminal and chip shall be protected by Password
Authenticated Connection Establishment (PACE), optionally with Chip
Authentication Mapping (PACE CAM) according to Electronic Passport using
Standard Inspection Procedure with PACE (PACE PP), BSI-CC-PP-0068-V2 [PACE-
PP]. Polymorphic eMRTD extensions are present on the TOE that enable secure
authentication with enhanced privacy protection features. It provides the holder
the possibility to authenticate towards a service provider in a non-traceable and
non-linkable manner thanks to usage of Polymorphic Pseudonyms and other
Polymorphic ID attributes.

The TOE (IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
eMRTD Configuration)) is composed of
    the NXP JCOP 3 P60, composed of
      o the circuitry of the MRTD’s chip (NXP Secure Smart Card Controller
         P6022y VB including IC Dedicated Software) with hardware for the
         contact and contactless interface;
       o   the Crypto Library V3.1.x on P6022y VB;
       o   the IC Embedded Software (operating system): NXP JCOP 3;
      The MRTD application IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy Protection
       (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic eMRTD Configuration) loaded in ROM or in
       EEPROM;
      the associated guidance documentation in [AGD_PRE] and [AGD_OPE];
      the Personalisation Agent Key set.


The TOE utilizes the evaluation of NXP JCOP 3 P60 which has been certified by
the Dutch NSCIB certification body (CC-18-98209/2).

A schematic overview of the TOE is shown in Figure 1:
 The MRTD’s chip circuitry and the IC dedicated software forming the Smart
   Card Platform (Hardware Platform and Hardware Abstraction Layer);
 The IC embedded software running on the Smart Card Platform consisting of
      o Java Card virtual machine, ensuring language-level security;
      o Java Card runtime environment, providing additional security features
         for Java card technology enabled devices;
      o Java card API, providing access to card’s resources for the Applet;
                         Security Target Lite
                                                                     Ref.:
                  IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                               2018_2000036361
                  Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                 Page: 12/150
                        eMRTD Configuration)

        o  Global Platform Card Manager, responsible for management of Applets
           on the card.
        o Mifare implementation can be enabled or disabled for this TOE.
        o Crypto Library.
    The Applet Layer is IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy Protection
     (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic eMRTD Configuration) applet.




                                        Figure 1: TOE



1.4.2 TOE usage and security features for operational use
Depending on its configuration during pre-personalisation and personalisation,
the TOE can be used as:
    ICAO/EAC eMRTD,
    Polymorphic eMRTD and
    EU/ISO Driving Licence.

The ICAO/EAC eMRTD, Polymorphic eMRTD and Driver Licence are installed as a
separate application instances of the applet having their own dedicated
application identifiers and personalisation. The following TOE configurations are
covered within the scope of this Security Target:

    Configuration ICAO/EAC            Polymorphic        Driver licence
                  eMRTD               eMRTD
    1             present             -                  -
    2             present             present            -
    3             -                   -                  present
    4             -                   present            present
    5             -                   Present            -

The authentication protocols PACEv2, Chip authentication (CAv1), Active
Authentication and Terminal Authentication (TAv1) specified in [ICAO-9303] and
                         Security Target Lite
                                                                             Ref.:
                  IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                                       2018_2000036361
                  Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                         Page: 13/150
                        eMRTD Configuration)

[TR-03110] have also been refered to in ISO18013 for EU driving licences. The
BAP-1 protocol defined in ISO18013 is equal to Basic Access Protocol (BAC)
defined in [ICAO-9303]. As to the logical data structure, the ISO18013 uses the
same concept of Passive Authentication defined in [ICAO-9303], but specifies
different ISO7816-4 elementary file identifiers for storing the ICAO defined
content of DG3, DG4 and DG15.

When an Issuing state is using the product as an ISO compliant Driving licence,
the following name mapping of roles, definitions, data groups and protocol is
applicable within the scope of this security target:

                        MRTD                           ISO Driving License
                        MRTD                                   IDL
                         ICAO                                ISO/IEC
                      ICAO 9303                    ISO/IEC 18013 or ISO/IEC TR
                                                              19446
                           BAC                                BAP-1
                           DG3                                DG7*
                           DG4                                DG8*
                          DG15                                DG13
                           MRZ                      MRZ or SAI (Scanning area
                                                            identifier)
                         Traveler                             Holder
          *Access rights to the biometric data in DG3 and DG4 are also mapped to
           DG7 and DG8, respectively.

The following two sub sections explain the TOE security features for operational
use of TOE configured as respectively ICAO/EAC eMRTD/Driving licence and
Polymorphic eMRTD.


1.4.2.1 ICAO/EAC eMRTD and ISO Driving licence
This sub section explains the TOE security features for operational use of TOE
configured as ICAO/EAC eMRTD or as Driving Licence.

A State or Organisation issues travel documents to be used by the holder for
international travel. The traveller presents a travel document to the inspection
system to prove his or her identity. The travel document in context of this
Security Target contains:
  I.  visual (eye readable) biographical data and portrait of the holder,
 II.  a separate data summary (MRZ data) for visual and machine reading using
       OCR methods in the Machine readable zone (MRZ) and
III.  data elements on the travel document’s chip according to LDS in case of
       contactless machine reading.

The authentication of the traveller is based on:
  I.  the possession of a valid travel document personalized for a holder with
      the claimed identity as given on the biographical data page and
 II.  biometrics using the reference data stored in the travel document.
                               Security Target Lite
                                                                                           Ref.:
                        IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                                                     2018_2000036361
                        Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                                       Page: 14/150
                              eMRTD Configuration)


The issuing State or Organization ensures the authenticity of the data of genuine
travel documents. The receiving State trusts a genuine travel document of an
issuing State or Organization.

For this Security Target the travel document is viewed as unit of:
(i) the physical part of the travel document in form of paper and/or plastic
    and chip. It presents visual readable data including (but not limited to)
    personal data of the travel document holder
    (a) the biographical data on the biographical data page of the travel
         document surface,
    (b) the printed data in the Machine Readable Zone (MRZ) and
    (c) the printed portrait.

(ii) the logical travel document as data of the travel dis related to the availability of
                       EEPROM space to the Security IC Embedded Software:
                              •    For P60D024/016/012P 512 Bytes are reserved for Security Rows and
                                   configuration data of the manufacturer and 768 Bytes are reserved for IC Dedicated
                                   Support Software control data (see Table 6).
                              •    For P60D024/016/012M and P60D024/016/012D 512 Bytes are reserved for
                                   Security Rows and configuration data of the manufacturer, 512 Bytes are reserved
                                   for IC Dedicated Support Software control data and depending on the MIFARE
                                   Software configuration8 several bytes are reserved for MIFARE Software (see
                                   Table 7).
                       Each major configuration is provided with several minor configuration options, which are
                       introduced in Section 1.4.2.2. Each major configuration also provides customers with
                       several options for reconfiguration (Post Delivery Configuration), which are described in
                       Section 1.4.2.3 in detail.

                       Table 6.       Available EEPROM memory to the Security IC Embedded Software
                                      (P60D024/016/012P)
                                                           Major configuration
                                      P60D024P                                                  P60D016P                   P60D012P
                                      24 kBytes                                                  16 kBytes                 12 kBytes
                           except for 512 Bytes reserved for Security Rows and configuration data of the manufacturer and
                                 768 Bytes reserved for IC Dedicated Support Software control data (Firmware OS)




                       8
                           The ocument holder stored
     according to the Logical Data Structure as defined in [ICAO-9303] as specified
     by ICAO on the contact based or contactless integrated circuit. It presents
     contact based / contactless readable data including(but not limited to)
     personal data of the travel document holder
     (a) the digital Machine Readable Zone Data (digital MRZ data, EF.DG1),
     (b) the digitized portraits (EF.DG2),
     (c) the biometric reference data of finger(s) (EF.DG3) or iris image(s)
          (EF.DG4) or both1,
     (d) the other data according to LDS (EF.DG5 to EF.DG16) and
     (e) the Document Security configuration of the MIFARE Software can be selected via Order Entry Forms [13], [14] and [15].
                                            All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                                Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                10 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                                   Security Target Lite


                          Table 7.    Available EEPROM memory to the Security IC Embedded Software
                                      (P60D024/016/012M and P60D024/016/012D)
                                                   Major configuration
         P60D024M/ P60D024D                                 P60D016M/ P60D016D                                             P60D012M/ P60D012D
                24 kBytes                                               16 kBytes                                                 12 kBytes
   except for 512 Bytes reserved for Security Rows and configuration data of the manufacturer and 512 Bytes reserved for
     IC Dedicated Support Software control data (Firmware OS) and depending on the MIFARE Software configuration
                                       several bytes reserved for MIFARE Software:


                         Available                                                    Available                                              Available
                       EEPROM to                                                    EEPROM to                                              EEPROM to
        MIFARE                                         MIFARE                                                             MIFARE
                       the Security                                                 the Security                                           the Security
        Software                                       Software                                                           Software
                      IC Embedded                                                  IC Embedded                                            IC Embedded
      Configuration                                  Configuration                                                      Configuration
                         Software                                                     Software                                               Software
                          [Byte]                                                       [Byte]                                                 [Byte]
          MP0              23552                             MP0                          15360                             MP0                  11264
          MP2              19968                             MP2                          11776                             MP2                   7680
          MP4              17152                             MP4                           8960                             MP4                   4864
           D0              23552                               D0                         15360                              D0                  11264
           D2              20480                               D2                         12288                              D2                   8192
           D4              17920                               D4                          9728                              D4                   5632
           D8              14848                               D8                          6656                              D8                   2560


                          The evaluated major configurations ‘P’, ‘M’, and ‘D’ for OS emulations can be selected via
                          Order Entry Forms [13], [14] and [15] respectively, by selecting value “P: Plain version, no
                          emulation”, “M: MIFARE Plus” or “D: MIFARE DESFire EV1” of the “MIFARE
                          implementations Convergence Selection” option.



                1.4.2.2     Minor configuration options
                          Minor configuration options can be selected by the customer via Order Entry Forms [13],
                          [14] and [15]. The first seven characters in the name of a major configuration give the type
                          name and therewith the Order Entry Form belonging to. The Order Entry Form identifies the
                          minor configuration options, which are supported by a major configuration out of those
                          introduced in Table 1.

                          Table 8.    Evaluated minor configuration options
                           Name               Value               Description
                           Resource                 • YES                                   Reconfiguration during card personalization enabled or
                           Configuration            • NO                                    not.
                           Option (Hardware
                           PDC) enabled
                           Contactless              • ATQ0 Value                            Defines contactless communication protocol
                           Communication            • ATQ1 Value                            parameters.
                           Parameters
                                                    • SAK Value
                                                    • TA Value
                           ROM read                 • YES                                   Instructions executed from EEPROM are allowed or
                           instructions             • NO                                    not to read ROM contents.




                                           All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.                   © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                               Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                              11 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                  P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                               Security Target Lite



                           Name                    Value                                      Description
                           executed from
                           EEPROM allowed
                           ROM read                   • YES                                   Read access by Copy Machine to ROM is allowed or
                           instructions by            • NO                                    not.
                           Copy Machine
                           allowed
                           EEPROM read                • YES                                   Read access by Copy Machine to EEPROM is allowed
                           instructions by            • NO                                    or not.
                           Copy Machine
                           allowed
                           code execution             • YES                                   Code execution from RAM allowed or not.
                           from RAM                   • NO
                           allowed

                           Activation of              • YES                                   When the Card Disable Function is allowed, the TOE
                           “Card Disable”             • NO                                    can be locked completely. Once set by the Security IC
                           feature allowed                                                    Embedded Software, execution of the Security IC
                                                                                              Embedded Software is inhibited after the next reset.
                           EEPROM                     • YES                                   Erase of application content of EEPROM allowed or
                           application                • NO                                    not.
                           content erase
                           allowed
                           EDATASCALE                 • EDATA size will This value determines the size of the memory area
                           specification                be              available for the extended stack pointer.
                                                        EDATASCALE * Default is 10h
                                                        16 bytes
                           Inverse EEPROM             • YES                                   If inverse error correction is activated the detection
                           Error Correction           • NO                                    probability of fault injections to the EEPROM can be
                           Attack Detection                                                   increased.
                           activated
                           Access to                  • YES                                   Additionally 2 general purpose I/O pads (TP1/TP2) can
                           additional general         • NO                                    be accessed by the application OS.
                           purpose I/O pads
                           TP1 and TP2
                           allowed in System
                           Mode
                           CXRAM parity               • disabled (always Configuration of the CXRAM parity watchdog.
                           watchdog error               off)
                           configuration              • enabled after
                                                        watchdog
                                                        initialization
                                                        done
                                                      • enabled (always
                                                        on)
                           FXRAM parity               • disabled (always Configuration of the FXRAM parity watchdog.
                           watchdog error               off)
                           configuration              • enabled after
                                                        watchdog




                                             All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.           © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                                 Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                      12 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                  P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                                 Security Target Lite



                           Name                    Value                                      Description
                                                            initialization
                                                            done
                                                      • enabled (always
                                                        on)
                           Selection of reset         • ISO13239/                             Selection of CRC algorithm for ISO7816 enhanced
                           value for UART               HDLC                                  protocol support.
                           CRC algorithm              • de facto PC/SC
                           Start-Up with Low          • YES                                   Start-Up with low CPU clock to enable specific low
                           CPU clock                  • NO                                    power applications. If this option is enabled the ISO
                           enabled                                                            start-up timing is not met.
                           RunMode                    • YES                                   Special start-up behavior in order to support a start-up
                           enabled                    • NO                                    with
                                                                                              • RST_N pad forced to LOW or not connected
                                                                                              and
                                                                                              • CLK pad forced HIGH or not connected.
                           Allow                      • YES                                   Disables the Low Frequency Sensor to allow parallel
                           simultaneous               • NO                                    operation via contact and contactless interfaces. The
                           operation of                                                       Low Frequency Sensor is disabled only when the CPU
                           ISO7816                                                            is free-running or runs at an internal clock.
                           and ISO14443
                           applications
                           Chip Health mode           • YES                                   Activation of read-out of IC identification items and
                           enabled                    • NO                                    start of built-in self test and ident routines is enabled or
                                                                                              not.
                           L_A / L_B input                                Additional capacitance (2x26 pF) between L_A/L_B
                                                      • 17 pF for class 1
                           capacitance                                    required meeting resonance frequency at ID1/2
                           configuration                (ID1) antennas    operation.
                                                        (default)
                                                      • 69 pF for class 2
                                                        (“half ID1”)
                                                        antennas
                           UID options                • Single FNUID,                         Defines size of the contactless communication protocol
                                                        four bytes                            unique identifier (set by Contactless Communication
                                                      • Double UID,                           Parameter ATQ0)
                                                        seven bytes

                          See Section 31.1 of the Data Sheet [9] for details on all minor configuration options listed in
                          Table 8. The availability of minor configuration options partly depends on the selected major
                          configuration option. However, in general the minor configuration options can be chosen
                          independently.
                1.4.2.3     Post Delivery Configuration
                          Post Delivery Configuration (PDC) can be applied by the customer himself after the TOE
                          has been delivered to that customer. These options can be used to tailor the TOE to the
                          specific customer requirements. The Post Delivery Configuration can be changed multiple
                          times but must be set permanently by the customer before the TOE is delivered to phase 7
                          of the life cycle.
                          The Post Delivery Configuration for the P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF is listed in Table
                          9.




                                             All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.            © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                                 Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                       13 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                        Security Target Lite


                          Table 9.     Post Delivery Configuration for P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                           Name                Values            Description
                           EEPROM Size           Steps of 2KB                         This value determines the maximum size of the EEPROM
                                                                                      in steps of 2KB. Default EEPROM size is given by the
                                                                                      major configuration.
                           CXRAM Size            Steps of 128 Byte This value determines the maximum size of the CXRAM
                                                                   in steps of 128 Bytes. Default CXRAM size is given by the
                                                                   major configuration.
                           Fame2                 Enabled or                           This value determines whether the Fame2 coprocessor is
                           coprocessor           Disabled                             enabled or disabled. Default value is enabled.
                           AES                   Enabledly delivered directly from the
          software developer (IDEMIA development dept.) to the IC manufacturer
          (NXP). The applet code will be integrated into the ROM mask code or
          inEEPROM by the IC manufacturer, or
      (b) the ePassport application is securely delivered directly from the
          software developer (IDEMIA development dept.) to the travel document
          manufacturer (IDEMIA production dept.) .) for loading in EEPROM.

Notice that the guidance documentation of the ePassport application is always
securely delivered directly from the software developer (IDEMIA development
dept.) to the travel document manufacturer (IDEMIA production dept.).


1.4.3.2 Phase 2 “Manufacturing”
(Step3) In a first step the TOE integrated circuit is produced containing the travel
document’s chip Dedicated Software, the parts of the travel document’s chip
Embedded Software and in case of alternative a) the ePassport application in
ROM or in EEPROM.

The IC manufacturer writes the IC Identification Data onto the chip to control the
IC as travel document material during the IC manufacturing and the delivery
process to the travel document manufacturer. The IC is securely delivered from
the IC manufacturer to the travel document manufacturer.
                            Security Target Lite
                                                                       Ref.:
                     IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                                 2018_2000036361
                     Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                   Page: 20/150
                           eMRTD Configuration)

If necessary the IC manufacturer adds the parts of the IC Embedded Software in
the non-volatile programmable memories (for instance EEPROM).

(Step4 optional) The travel document manufacturer combines the IC with
hardware for the contact based / contactless interface in the travel document
unless the travel document consist of the chip only.

(Step5) The travel document manufacturer
  i.  adds the IC Embedded Software or part of it in the non-volatile
      programmable memories (for instance EEPROM) if necessary and in case
      of alternative (b), loads the ePassport application into the non-volatile
      programmable memories (for instance EEPROM),
 ii.      creates the ePassport application and
iii.      equips travel document’s chips with pre-personalization Data.

EAC PP Application Note 1: Creation of the application for this TOE implies
Applet instantiation.

For this Security Target the following name mappings to the protection profile
[EAC-PP-V2] apply:
    IC Dedicated SW = Low level IC libraries
    travel document’s chip Embedded Software = NXP JCOP 3 P60 operating
       system.
    ePassport application = IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy Protection
       (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic eMRTD Configuration) Applet run time code or an
       instantiation of it.
    Pre-personalization Data = Personalization Agent Key Set, Card Production
       Life Cycle (CPLC) data and buffer settings.

Both the underlying platform and IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy Protection
(SAC/EAC/Polymorphic eMRTD Configuration) Applet provide configuration and
life-cycle management functions required for TOE preparation. TOE preparation
steps are performed in manufacturing phase and consist of the following 2
activities:
    1. Platform initialisation
       2. Pre-personalisation

Platform initialisation
Platform initialisation consists of the configuration of the NXP JCOP 3 P60 in
accordance with requirements specified in the platform administrator guidance
[PLTF-PRE] by using the dedicated platform commands. Furthermore the Pre-
Personalisation Agent key set is installed and (a part of) the CPLC data is
updated. To prevent unattended tracing of the MRTD document, the NXP JCOP 3
P60 is configured such that unauthenticated access to any platform unique
idenfiable data is not possible.
                               Security Target Lite
                                                                                             Ref.:
                        IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                                                       2018_2000036361
                        Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                                         Page: 21/150
                              eMRTD Configuration)

Pre-personalisation
The pre-personalisation consists of the following steps:
   a. IC (chip) Authentication and getting chip access with the pre-
      personalisation key set.
   b. [optional] In case the IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy Protection
      (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic eMRTD Configuration) applet runtime code does
      not reside in ROM, it is loaded into EEPROM.
   c. Install the applet application instances depending on the desired TOE
      configuration specified in section 1.4.2, using IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with
      Privacy Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic eMRTD Configuration) applet.
   d. Set the ePassport (and if present) the Polymorphic eMRTD applet
      irreversibly in its PERSONALISATION life-cycle state by installation of the
      Personalisation Agent specific personalisation key set(s).

During step (c) the CPLC data with the IC Identifier as well as the other pre-
personalisation data is configured in the TOE. The last step (d) finalizes the TOE.
This is the moment the TOE starts to exist and is ready for delivery to the
Personalisation Agent. The guidance documentation for the Personalisation Agent
is [AGD_PRE].

The pre-personalised travel document together with the IC Iden or                           This value determines whether the AES coprocessor is
                                                 Disabled                             enabled or disabled. Default value is enabled.
                           Contactless           Enabled or                           This value determines whether the Contactless interface
                           Interface             Disabled                             is enabled or not. Default value is enabled.

                          By applying Post Delivery Configuration the Security Rows content is updated for the
                          changed configuration options and can therefore be used for identification of the TOE after
                          applying any Post Delivery Configuration. Further details regarding Security Rows content
                          and identification of the TOE after applying Post Delivery Configuration refer to [9].
                          The Post Delivery Configuration can be accessed using chip health m       SECURITY TARGET LITE
 IDEAL PASS v2.3-n JC WITH PRIVACY
PROTECTION (SAC/EAC/POLYMORPHIC
      EMRTD CONFIGURATION)


         Reference: 2018_2000036361
                                          Security Target Lite
                                                                                                                                 Ref.:
                                   IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                                                                                           2018_2000036361
                                   Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                                                                              Page: 2/150
                                         eMRTD Configuration)

                                                    DOCUMENT EVOLUTION


        Date                     Index                 Author                                                  Revision

                                                                             Initial version based on the full security target
    11/06/2018                      1.0                  IDEMIA
                                                                             (Reference: 2017_2000032696, Version: 1.5)
                                                                             Second version based on the full security target
                                               tifier is securely
delivered from the travel document manufacturer to the Personalisatio             n Agent.
The travel document manufacturer also provides the relevant parts of the
guidance documentation [AGD_PRE] and [AGD_OPE] and the Personal                 (isation
Agent RKernal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FIA_UAU.1[SC]                                 No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FIA_UAU.4[SC]                                 No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FTP_ITC.1[SC]                                 No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
EMG Security Functional Requirements (chapter 7.2.7 in platform ST)
This group includes requirements for managing the external memory.
FDP_ACC.1[EXT-MEM]                            No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FDP_ACF.1[EXT-MEM]                            No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FMT_MSA.1[EXT-MEM]                            No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FMT_MSA.3[EXT-MEM]                            No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.




                                                    23 of 82
NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 on JCOP4 P71 / SSCD with Key Import Security Target Lite


Platform SFR                                  Correspondence in this References/Remarks
                                              ST
FMT_SMF.1[EXT-MEM]                            No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
ConfG Security Functional Requirements (chapter 7.2.8 in platform ST)
FDP_IFC.2[CFG]                                No correspondence            Complete information flow control
                                                                           (CFG). Out of scope (internal Java
                                                                           Card functionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FDP_IFF.1[CFG]                                No correspondence            Simple security attributes (CFG). Out
                                                                           of scope (internal Java Card function-
                                                                           ality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FMT_MSA.3[CFG]                                No correspondence            Static attribute initialisation (CFG).
                                                                           Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FMT_MSA.1[CFG]                                No correspondence            Management of security attributes
                                                                           (CFG). Out of scope (internal Java
                                                                           Card functionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FMT_SMR.1[CFG]                                No correspondence            Security roles (CFG). Out of scope (in-
                                                                           ternal Java Card functionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FMT_SMF.1[CFG]                                No correspondence            Specification of management Func-
                                                                           tions (CFG). Out of scope (internal
                                                                           Java Card functionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FIA_UID.1[CFG]                                No correspondence            Timing of identification (CFG). Out of
                                                                           scope (internal Java Card functional-
                                                                           ity).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
SecureBox Security Functional Requirements (chapter 7.2.9 in platform ST)
FDP_ACC.2[SecureBox]                          No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FDP_ACF.1[SecureBox]                          No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FMT_MSA.1[SecureBox]                          No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.



                                                    24 of 82
NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 on JCOP4 P71 / SSCD with Key Import Security Target Lite


Platform SFR                                  Correspondence in this References/Remarks
                                              ST
FMT_MSA.3[SecureBox]                          No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FMT_SMF.1[SecureBox]                          No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
ModDesG Security Functional Requirements (chapter 7.2.10 in platform ST)
FDP_IFC.1[MODULAR-DESIGN]                     No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FDP_IFF.1[MODULAR-DESIGN]                     No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FIA_ATD.1[MODULAR-DESIGN]                     No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FIA_USB.1[MODULAR-DESIGN]                     No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FMT_MSA.1[MODULAR-DESIGN]                     No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FMT_MSA.3[MODULAR-DESIGN]                     No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FMT_SMF.1[MODULAR-DESIGN]                     No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FMT_SMR.1[MODULAR-DESIGN]                     No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FPT_FLS.1[MODULAR-DESIGN]                     No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FIA_UID.1[MODULAR-DESIGN]                     No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
RMG Security Functional Requirements (chapter 7.2.11 in platform ST)
FDP_ACC.2[RM]                                 No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).



                                                    25 of 82
NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 on JCOP4 P71 / SSCD with Key Import Security Target Lite


Platform SFR                                  Correspondence in this References/Remarks
                                              ST
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FDP_ACF.1[RM]                                 No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FMT_MSA.3[RM]                                 No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FMT_MSA.1[RM]                                 No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FMT_SMF.1[RM]                                 No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FIA_UID.1[RM]                                 No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FIA_UAU.1[RM]                                 No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
Further Security Functional Requirements (chapter 7.1.12 in platform ST)
FAU_SAS.1[SCP]                                No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FCS_RNG.1                                     In this ST, random num- FCS_RND.1
                                              bers according to AIS20
                                              class PTG.3 are required.
                                              The platform generates
                                              random numbers with a
                                              defined quality metric
                                              that can be used di-
                                              rectly.
FCS_RNG.1[HDT]                                No correspondence            Hybrid deterministic random num-
                                                                           ber generator.
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FIA_AFL.1[PIN]                                FIA_AFL.1                    Authentication Failure Handling
                                                                           (PIN). The fulfillment of the require-
                                                                           ment is based on the platform re-
                                                                           quirement.
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.




                                                    26 of 82
NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 on JCOP4 P71 / SSCD with Key Import Security Target Lite


 Platform SFR                                 Correspondence in this References/Remarks
                                              ST
 FPT_EMSEC.1                                  No correspondence            TOE emanation. No direct corre-
                                                                           spondence, but platform require-
                                                                           ment leads to protection of crypto-
                                                                           graphic keys, PINs and user data.
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
 FPT_PHP.3                                    FPT_PHP.3                    The fulfillment of the SFR in this ST is
                                              FPT_EMS.1                    based on the platform SFR (together
                                                                           with additional countermeasures).
                                  Table 4: Assessment of the platform SFRs.

2.2.3 Assessment of the Platform Objectives
The following table provides an assessment of all relevant Platform objectives.


 Platform Objective                Correspondence in this ST             References/Remarks
 OT.SID                            No correspondence                     Out of scope. No contradiction to
                                                                         this ST.
 OT.SID_MODULE                     No correspondence                     Out of scope.
                                                                         No contradiction to this ST.
 OT.FIREWALL                       No correspondence                     Out of scope. No contradiction to
                                                                         this ST.
 OT.GLOBAL_ARRAYS_CONFID           OT.SCD_Secrecy                        No contradiction to this ST.
 OT.GLOBAL_ARRAYS_INTEG            OT.DTBS_Integrity_TOE                 No contradiction to this ST.
 OT.NATIVE                         No correspondence                     Out of scope. No contradiction to
                                                                         this ST.
 OT.OPERATE                        No correspondence                     Out of scope. No contradiction to
                                                                         this ST.
 OT.REALLOCATION                   No correspondence                     Out of scope. No contradiction to
                                                                         this ST.
 OT.RESOURCES                      No correspondence                     Out of scope. No contradiction to
                                                                         this ST.
 OT.SENSITIVE_RESULTS_INTEG No correspondence                            Indirectly relevant for the correct
                                                                         function of the TOE of this ST, but no
                                                                         corresponding objectives for the
                                                                         TOE of this ST.
                                                    any and all warranties and liabilities of    the types in question please contact your nearest
© 2020 Infineon Technologies AG.            any kind (including without limitation warranties of   Infineon Technologies office.
                                            non-infringement of intellectual property rights of
All Rights Reserved.                        any third party) with respect to any and all
                                            information given in this Security Target.             Except as otherwise explicitly approved by Infineon
                                                                                                   Technologies in a written document signed by
Do you have a question about this                                                                  authorized      representatives     of     Infineon
document?                                   The data contained in this document is exclusively     Technologies, Infineon Technologies’ products may
                                            intended for technically trained staff. It is the      not be used in any applications where a failure of
Email: erratum@infineon.com                 responsibility of customer’s technical departments     the product or any consequences of the use thereof
                                            to evaluate the suitability of the product for the     can reasonably be expected to result in personal
<DOC_Number>                                intended                      No contradiction to this ST.
 OT.ALARM                          OT.Tamper_ID                          Relevant for the protection against
                                   OT.Tamper_Resistance                  physical tampering. No contradic-
                                                                         tion to this ST.
 OT.CIPHER                         No correspondence                     Indirectly relevant for the correct
                                                                         function of the TOE of this ST, but no
                                                                         corresponding objectives for the
                                                                         TOE of this ST. No contradictions.


                                                    27 of 82
NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 on JCOP4 P71 / SSCD with Key Import Security Target Lite


Platform Objective                 Correspondence in this ST             References/Remarks
OT.RNG                             O.RBGS                                The objective regarding random
                                                                         number generation is related.
                                                                         No contradiction to this ST.
OT.KEY-MNGT                        OT.SCD_Secrecy                        Secure key management of the plat-
                                                                         form leads to secrecy of SCD. No
                                                                         contradiction to this ST.
OT.PIN-MNGT                        No correspondence                     Out of scope. No contradiction to
                                                                         this ST.
OT.TRANSACTION                     No correspondence                     Out of scope. No contradiction to
                                                                         this ST.
OT.OBJ-DELETION                    No correspondence                     Out of scope. No contradiction to
                                                                         this ST.
OT.APPLI-AUTH                      No correspondence                     Out of scope.
                                                                         No contradiction to this ST.
OT.DOMAIN-RIGHTS                   No correspondence                     Out of scope.
                                                                         No contradiction to this ST.
OT.COMM_AUTH                       No correspondence                     Out of scope.
                                                                         No contradiction to this ST.
OT.COMM_INTEGRITY                  No correspondence                     Out of scope.
                                                                         No contradiction to this ST.
OT.COMM_CONFIDENTIALITY            No correspondence                     Out of scope.
                                                                         No contradiction to this ST.
OT.EXT-MEM                         No correspondence                     Out of scope.
                                                                         No contradiction to this ST.
OT.CARD-MANAGEMENT                 No correspondence                     Out of scope. No contradiction to
                                                                         this ST.
OT.SCP.IC                          No correspondence                     Out of scope.
                                                                         No contradiction to this ST.
OT.SCP.RECOVERY                    No correspondence                     Out of scope.
                                                                         No contradiction to this ST.
OT.SCP.SUPPORT                     No correspondence                     Out of scope.
                                                                         No contradiction to this ST.
OT.IDENTIFICATION                  No correspondence                     Out of scope.
                                                                         No contradiction to this ST.
OT.SEC_BOX_FW                      No correspondence                     Out of scope.
                                                                         No contradiction to this ST.
OT.RND                             No correspondence                     Out of scope.
                                                                         No contradiction to this ST.
OT.CARD-CONFIGURATION              No correspondence                     Out of scope.
                                                                         No contradiction to this ST.


                                                    28 of 82
NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 on JCOP4 P71 / SSCD with Key Import Security Target Lite


 Platform Objective                Correspondence in this ST             References/Remarks
 OT.ATTACK-COUNTER                 No correspondence                     Out of scope.
                                                                         No contradiction to this ST.
 OT.RESTRICTED-MODE                No correspondence                     Out of scope.
                                                                         No contradiction to this ST.
                               Table 5: Assessment of the platform objectives.



2.2.4 Assessment of Platform Threats
The following table provides an assessment of all relevant Platform threats.


 Platform Threat                           Correspondence in this ST           References/Remarks
 T.CONFID-APPLI-DATA                       T.SCD_Divulg, T.SCD_Derive          No contradiction to this ST.
 T.CONFID-JCS-CODE                         No correspondence                   Out of scope. No contradiction
                                                                               to this ST.
 T.CONFID-JCS-DATA                         No correspondence                   Out of scope. No contradiction
                                                                               to this ST.
 T.INTEG-APPLI-CODE                        No correspondence                   Out of scope. No contradiction
                                                                               to this ST.
 T.INTEG-APPLI-CODE.LOAD                   No correspondence                   Out of scope. No contradiction
                                                                               to this ST.
 T.INTEG-APPLI-DATA[REFINED]               T.DTBS_Forgery, T.Sig_Forgery       No contradiction to this ST.
 T.INTEG-APPLI-DATA.LOAD                   No correspondence                   Out of scope. No contradiction
                                                                               to this ST.
 T.INTEG-JCS-CODE                          No correspondence                   Out of scope. No contradiction
                                                                               to this ST.
 T.INTEG-JCS-DATA                          No correspondence                   Out of scope. Noapplication and the completeness of the       injury.
Document referen contradiction
                                                                               to this ST.
 T.SID.1                                   No correspondence                   Out of scope. No contradiction
                                                                               to this ST.
 T.SID.2                                   No correspondence                   Out of scope. No contradiction
                                                                               to this ST.
 T.EXE-CODE.1                              No correspondence                   Out of scope. No contradiction
                                                                               to this ST.
 T.EXE-CODE.2                              No correspondence                   Out of scope. No contradiction
                                                                               to this ST.
 T.NATIVE                                  No correspondence                   Out of scope. No contradiction
                                                                               to this ST.
 T.RESOURCES                               No correspondence                   Out of scope. No contradiction
                                                                               to this ST.
 T.UNAUTHORIZED_CARD_MNGT                  No correspondence                   Out of scope. No contradiction
                                                                               to this ST.


                                                    29 of 82
NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 on JCOP4 P71 / SSCD with Key Import Security Target Lite


 Platform Threat                           Correspondence in this ST           References/Remarks
 T.COM_EXPLOIT                             No correspondence                   Out of scope. No contradiction
                                                                               to this ST.
 T.LIFE_CYCLE                              No correspondence                   Out of scope. No contradiction
                                                   Security Target Lite
Common Criteria EAL6 augment ed / EAL6+




M7892 Design Step P11




Document version 2.2 as of 2020-04-23


Author: Infineon Technologies




CC Developer Document                     2020-04-23
                                                                                                                M7892 P11
                                                                          ce                          product information give                              Security Target Lite
Public




Edition 2020-04-23

Published by Infineon Technologies AG,

81726 Munich, Germany.

© 2020 Infineon Technologies AG

All Rights Reserved.




Legal Disclaimer

The information given in this document shall in no event be regarded as a guarantee of conditions or characteristics. With
respect to any examples or hints given herein, any typical values stated herein and/or any information regarding the
application of the device, Infineon Technologies AG hereby disclaims any and all warranties and liabilities of any kind,
including without limitation, warranties of non-infringement of intellectual property rights of any third party.

Information

For further information on technology, delivery terms and conditions and prices, please contact the nearest Infineon
Technologies AG Office (www.infineon.com).

Warnings

Due to technical requirements, components may contain dangerous substances. For information on the types in question,
please contact the nearest Infineon Technologies AG Office.

Infineon Technologies AG components may be used in life-support devices or systems only with the express written approval
of Infineon Technologies AG, if a failure of such components can reasonably be expected to cause the failure of that life-
support device or system or to affect the safety or effectiveness of that device or system. Life support devices or systems are
intended to be implanted in the human body or to support and/or main                            to this ST.
 T.OBJ-DELETION                            No correspondence                   Out of scope. No contradiction
                                                                               to this ST.
 Ttain and sustain and/or protect human life. If they
fail, it is reasonable to assume that the health of the user or other persons may be endangered.




CC Developer Document                                           2                                                  2020-04-23
                           .PHYSICAL                                T.Hack_Physn in this document with
                                                  respect to such applic                   N                                                                                   M7892 P11
                                 at                                o             ion                         Security Target Lite
Public

Trademarks of Infineon Technologies AG.

AURIX™, C166™, CanPAK™, CIPOS™, C                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       for     listening     to  CAv1     communication     by
                FTP_ITC.1/Polymorphic. The trusted channel shall be established
                by performing the PACE, CAv1 and TAv1 protocols according to
                [TR03110TR-03110] and the Polymorphic Authentication protocol
                (PMA).

OT.Prot_Abuse-Func The security objective OT.Prot_Abuse-Func “Protection
  against Abuse of Functionality” is ensured by the SFRs FMT_LIM.1, FMT_LIM.2,
  FMT_LIM.1/POLY and FMT_LIM.2/POLY which prevent misuse of test
  functionality of the TOE or other features which may not be used after TOE
  Delivery.
                         Security Target Lite
                                                                      Ref.:
                  IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                               2018_2000036361
                  Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                 Page: 113/150
                        eMRTD Configuration)

OT.Prot_Inf_Leak The security objective OT.Prot_Inf_Leak “Protection against
  Information Leakage” requires the TOE to protect confidential TSF data stored
  and/or processed in the travel document’s chip against disclosure
      by measurement and analysis of the shape and amplitude of signals or the
        time between events found by measuring signals on the electromagnetic
        field, power consumption, clock, or I/O lines which is addressed by the
        SFR FPT_EMS.1,
      by forcing a malfunction of the TOE which is addressed by the SFR
        FPT_FLS.1 and FPT_TST.1, and/or
      by a physical manipulation of the TOE which is addressed by the SFR
        FPT_PHP.3.

OT.Prot_Phys-Tamper The security objective OT.Prot_Phys-Tamper “Protection
  against Physical Tampering” is covered by the SFR FPT_PHP.3.

OT.Prot_Malfunction The security objective OT.Prot_Malfunction “Protection
  against Malfunctions” is covered by (i) the SFR FPT_TST.1 which requires self-
  tests to demonstrate the correct operation and tests of authorized users to
  verify the integrity of TSF data and TSF code, and (ii) the SFRFPT_FLS.1 which
  requires a secure state in case of detected failure or operating conditions
  possibly causing a malfunction.

OT.Identification The security objective OT.Identification “Identification of the
  TOE” addresses the storage of Initialisation and Pre-Personalisation Data in its
  non-volatile memory, whereby they also include the IC Identification Data
  uniquely identifying the TOE’s chip. This will be ensured by TSF according to
  SFR FAU_SAS.1. The SFR FMT_MTD.1/INI_ENA allows only the Manufacturer
  to write Initialisation and Pre-personalisation Data (including the
  Personalisation Agent key set). The SFR FMT_MTD.1/INI_DIS requires the
  Personalisation Agent to disable access to Initialisation and Pre-personalisation
  Data in the life cycle phase ‘operational use’. The SFRs FMT_SMF.1 and
  FMT_SMR.1/PACE support the functions and roles related.

OT.AC_Pers The       security   objective  OT.AC_Pers      “Access   Control   for
  Personalisation of logical travel document” addresses the access control of the
  writing the logical travel document. The justification for the SFRs FAU_SAS.1,
  FMT_MTD.1/INI_ENA and FMT_MTD.1/INI_DIS arises from the justification for
  OT.Identification above with respect to the Pre-personalisation Data. The write
  access to the logical travel document data are defined by the SFR
  FIA_UID.1/PACE (FIA_UID.1/PACE_CAM for PACE CAM), FIA_UAU.1/PACE
  (FIA_UAU.1/PACE_CAM for PACE CAM), FDP_ACC.1/TRM and FDP_ACF.1/TRM
  in the same way: only the successfully authenticated Personalisation Agent is
  allowed to write the data of the groups EF.DG1 to EF.DG16 of the logical travel
  document only once. FMT_MTD.1/PA covers the related property of
  OT.AC_Pers (writing SOD and, in generally, personalization data). The SFR
  FMT_SMR.1/PACE lists the roles (including Personalisation Agent) and the SFR
  FMT_SMF.1 lists the TSF management functions (including Personalisation).
                        Security Target Lite
                                                                     Ref.:
                 IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                              2018_2000036361
                 Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                Page: 114/150
                       eMRTD Configuration)

  The SFRs FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ (FMT_MTD.1/PACE_CAM_KEY_READ for
  PACE CAM protocol) and FPT_EMS.1 restrict the access to the Personalisation
  Agent Keys, the Chip Authentication Private Key and the Active Authentication
  Private key. The authentication of the terminal as Personalisation Agent shall
  be performed by TSF according to SFRs FIA_UAU.4/PACE and FIA_UAU.5/PACE
  (FIA_UAU.4/PACE_CAM and FIA_UAU.5/PACE_CAM for PACE CAM). If the
  Personalisation Terminal wants to authenticate itself to the TOE by means of
  the Terminal Authentication Protocol v.1 (after Chip Authentication v.1) with
  the Personalisation Agent Keys, the TOE will use TSF according to the
  FCS_RND.1 (for the generation of the challenge), FCS_CKM.1/CA (for the
  derivation of the new session keys after Chip Authentication v.1), and
  FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC and FCS_COP.1/CA_MAC (for the ENC_MAC_Mode secure
  messaging), FCS_COP.1/SIG_VER (as part of the Terminal Authentication
  Protocol v.1) and FIA_UAU.6/EAC (for the re-authentication). If the
  Personalisation Terminal wants to authenticate itself to the TOE by means of
  the Authentication Mechanism with the Personalisation Agent Key, the TOE will
  use TSF according to the FCS_RND.1 (for the generation of the challenge) and
  FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC (to verify the authentication attempt). The session keys
  are destroyed according to FCS_CKM.4 after use.

OT.Sens_Data_Conf The            security     objective      OT.Sense_Data_Conf“
  Confidentiality of sensitive biometric reference data” is enforced by the Access
  Control SFP defined in FDP_ACC.1/TRM and FDP_ACF.1/TRM allowing the data
  of EF.DG3 and EF.DG4 only to be read by successfully authenticated Extended
  Inspection System being authorized by a valid certificate according
  FCS_COP.1/SIG_VER. The SFRs FIA_UID.1/PACE and FIA_UAU.1/PACE
  (FIA_UID.1/PACE_CAM and FIA_UAU.1/PACE_CAM for PACE CAM) require the
  identification and authentication of the inspection systems. The SFR
  FIA_UAU.5/PACE requires the successful Chip Authentication (CA) v.1 before
  any     authentication    attempt   as    Extended     Inspection  System    (or
  FIA_UAU.5/PACE_CAM for PACE CAM). During the protected communication
  following the CA v.1 the reuse of authentication data is prevented by
  FIA_UAU.4/PACE (FIA_UAU.4/PACE_CAM for PACE CAM). The SFR
  FIA_UAU.6/EAC and FDP_UCT.1/TRM requires the confidentiality protection of
  the transmitted data after Chip Authentication v.1 by means of secure
  messaging implemented by the cryptographic functions according to
  FCS_RND.1 (for the generation of the terminal authentication challenge),
  FCS_CKM.1/CA (for the generation of shared secret and for the derivation of
  the new session keys), and FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC and FCS_COP.1/CA_MAC for
  the ENC_MAC_Mode secure messaging. The session keys are destroyed
  according to FCS_CKM.4 after use. The SFR FMT_MTD.1/CAPK and
  FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ requires that the Chip Authentication Key cannot be
  written unauthorized or read afterwards. The SFR FMT_MTD.1/AAPK and
  FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ requires that the Active Authentication Key cannot be
  written       unauthorized       or      read      afterwards.      The     SFR
  FMT_MTD.1/PACE_CAM_KEY_WRITE and FMT_MTD.1/PACE_CAM_KEY_READ
  requires that the modular invert of the CA key cannot be written unauthorized
  or read afterwards. To allow a verification of the certificate chain as in
  FMT_MTD.3 the CVCA’s public key and certificate as well as the current date
                        Security Target Lite
                                                                    Ref.:
                 IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                             2018_2000036361
                 Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                               Page: 115/150
                       eMRTD Configuration)

  are  written or   update  by   authorized identified role  as                 of
  FMT_MTD.1/CVCA_INI, FMT_MTD.1/CVCA_UPD and FMT_MTD.1/DATE.

OT.Chip_Auth_Proof The security objective OT.Chip_Auth_Proof “Proof of
  travel document’s chip authenticity” is ensured by the Chip Authentication
  Protocolv.1 provided by FIA_API.1/CA and by Active Authentication provided
  by FIA_API.1/AA proving the identity of the TOE. The Chip Authentication
  Protocolv.1 defined by FCS_CKM.1/CA is performed using a TOE internally
  stored confidential private key as required by FMT_MTD.1/CAPK and
  FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ. The Chip Authentication Protocolv.1 [TR-03110-1]
  requires additional TSF according to FCS_CKM.1/CA (for the derivation of the
  session keys), FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC and FCS_COP.1/CA_MAC (for the
  ENC_MAC_Mode        secure    messaging).    The   SFRs     FMT_SMF.1     and
  FMT_SMR.1/PACE support the functions and roles related. The Active
  Authentication defined by FCS_COP.1/SIG_GEN for the generation of the RSA
  Signature is performed using a TOE internally stored confidential private key
  as required by FMT_MTD.1/AAPK and FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ. According to
  FDP_ACF.1, only the successfully authenticated Inspection Systems are
  allowed to request active authentication (FDP_ACF.1.2, rule 2).

OT.Polymorphic_Data_Confidentiality: SFRs that contribute to meet this
  objective are mentioned in table 7.

OT.Polymorphic_Data_Integrity: SFRs that contribute to meet this objective
  are mentioned in table 7.

OT.Polymorphic_Data_Authenticity:        SFRs   that contribute   to meet this
  objective are mentioned in table 7.

OT.Polymorphic_Data_Privacy:        SFRs that contribute to meet this objective
  are mentioned in table 7.

OT.AC_Pers_Polymorphic:       SFRs that contribute to meet this objective are
  mentioned in table 7.

OT.DoS: SFRs that contribute to meet this objective are mentioned in table 7.

6.3.2 Rationale tables of Security Objectives and SFRs
                                 Security Target Lite
                                                                             Ref.:
                          IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                                      2018_2000036361
                          Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                        Page: 116/150
                                eMRTD Configuration)

Security Objectives                Security Functional Requirements                 Rationale
                                   FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE, FCS_CKM.4,
                                   FCS_COP.1/PACE_MAC, FIA_UAU.6/PACE,
                                   FIA_UAU.6/PACE_CAM, FDP_RIP.1, FDP_UCT.1/TRM,
                                   FDP_UIT.1/TRM, FTP_ITC.1/PACE, FMT_SMF.1,
                                   FMT_MTD.1/PA, FPT_PHP.3, FCS_CKM.1/CA,
                                   FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC, FCS_COP.1/CA_MAC,
                                   FCS_RND.1, FIA_UID.1/PACE, FIA_UAU.1/PACE,
                                   FIA_UAU.4/PACE, FIA_UAU.5/PACE,
                                                                                    Section
OT.Data_Integrity                  FIA_UID.1/PACE_CAM, FIA_UAU.1/PACE_CAM,          6.3.1
                                   FIA_UAU.4/PACE_CAM, FIA_UAU.5/PACE_CAM,
                                   FIA_UAU.6/EAC, FDP_ACC.1/TRM, FDP_ACF.1/TRM,
                                   FMT_SMR.1/PACE, FMT_MTD.1/CAPK,
                                   FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ, FMT_MTD.1/AAPK,
                                   FMT_MTD.1/PACE_CAM_KEY_READ,
                                   FMT_MTD.1/PACE_CAM_KEY_WRITE,
                                   FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PIN, FIA_AFL.1/Block_PIN,
                                   FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PUK, FIA_AFL.1/Block_PUK
                                   FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE, FCS_CKM.4,
                                   FCS_COP.1/PACE_MAC, FIA_UAU.6/PACE,
                                   FIA_UAU.6/PACE_CAM, FDP_RIP.1, FTP_ITC.1/PACE,
                                   FMT_SMF.1, FMT_MTD.1/PA, FCS_CKM.1/CA,
                                   FCS_RND.1, FIA_UID.1/PACE, FIA_UAU.1/PACE,
                                   FIA_UAU.4/PACE, FIA_UAU.5/PACE,
                                                                                    Section
OT.Data_Authenticity               FIA_UID.1/PACE_CAM, FIA_UAU.1/PACE_CAM,
                                                                                    6.3.1
                                   FIA_UAU.4/PACE_CAM, FIA_UAU.5/PACE_CAM,
                                   FIA_UAU.6/EAC, FMT_SMR.1/PACE,
                                   FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ,
                                   FMT_MTD.1/PACE_CAM_KEY_READ,
                                   FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PIN, FIA_AFL.1/Block_PIN,
                                   FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PUK, FIA_AFL.1/Block_PUK
                                   FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE, FCS_CKM.4,
                                   FCS_COP.1/PACE_ENC, FIA_UAU.6/PACE,
                                   FIA_UAU.6/PACE_CAM, FDP_RIP.1, FDP_UCT.1/TRM,
                                   FDP_UIT.1/TRM, FTP_ITC.1/PACE, FMT_SMF.1,
                                   FMT_MTD.1/PA, FCS_CKM.1/CA, FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC,
                                   FCS_RND.1, FIA_UID.1/PACE, FIA_UAU.1/PACE,
                                   FIA_UAU.4/PACE, FIA_UAU.5/PACE,                  Section
OT.Data_Confidentiality
                                   FIA_UID.1/PACE_CAM, FIA_UAU.1/PACE_CAM,          6.3.1
                                   FIA_UAU.4/PACE_CAM, FIA_UAU.5/PACE_CAM,
                                   FIA_UAU.6/EAC, FDP_ACC.1/TRM, FDP_ACF.1/TRM,
                                   FMT_SMR.1/PACE, FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ,
                                   FMT_MTD.1/PACE_CAM_KEY_READ,
                                   FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PIN, FIA_AFL.1/Block_PIN,
                                   FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PUK, FIA_AFL.1/Block_PUK,
                                   FIA_AFL.1/PACE, FTP_ITC.1/PACE,                  Section
OT.Tracing
                                   FIA_AFL.1/Block_PIN, FIA_AFL.1/Block_PUK         6.3.1
                                   FMT_LIM.1, FMT_LIM.2, FMT_LIM.1/POLY,            Section
OT.Prot_Abuse-Func
                                   FMT_LIM.2/POLY                                   6.3.1
                                                                                    Section
OT.Prot_Inf_Leak                   FPT_FLS.1, FPT_TST.1, FPT_PHP.3, FPT_EMS.1
                                                                                    6.3.1
                                                                                    Section
OT.Prot_Phys-Tamper                FPT_PHP.3
                                                                                    6.3.1
                                                                                    Section
OT.Prot_Malfunction                FPT_FLS.1, FPT_TST.1
                                                                                    6.3.1
                                   FMT_SMF.1, FMT_MTD.1/INI_ENA, FAU_SAS.1,         Section
OT.Identification
                                   FMT_SMR.1/PACE, FMT_MTD.1/INI_DIS                6.3.1
                              Security Target Lite
                                                                               Ref.:
                       IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                                        2018_2000036361
                       Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                          Page: 117/150
                             eMRTD Configuration)

                                      FMT_SMF.1, FMT_MTD.1/INI_ENA, FMT_MTD.1/PA,
                                      FAU_SAS.1, FCS_CKM.1/CA, FCS_CKM.4,
                                      FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC, FCS_COP.1/CA_MAC,
                                      FCS_COP.1/SIG_VER, FCS_RND.1, FIA_UID.1/PACE,
                                      FIA_UAU.1/PACE, FIA_UAU.4/PACE, FIA_UAU.5/PACE,
                                                                                        Section
OT.AC_Pers                            FIA_UID.1/PACE_CAM, FIA_UAU.1/PACE_CAM,
                                                                                        6.3.1
                                      FIA_UAU.4/PACE_CAM, FIA_UAU.5/PACE_CAM,
                                      FIA_UAU.6/EAC, FDP_ACC.1/TRM, FDP_ACF.1/TRM,
                                      FMT_SMR.1/PACE, FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ,
                                      FPT_EMS.1, FMT_MTD.1/INI_DIS,
                                      FMT_MTD.1/PACE_CAM_KEY_READ
                                      FCS_CKM.1/CA, FCS_CKM.4, FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC,
                                      FCS_COP.1/CA_MAC, FCS_COP.1/SIG_VER,
                                      FCS_RND.1, FIA_UID.1/PACE, FIA_UAU.1/PACE,
                                      FIA_UAU.4/PACE, FIA_UAU.5/PACE,
                                      FIA_UID.1/PACE_CAM, FIA_UAU.1/PACE_CAM,
                                      FIA_UAU.4/PACE_CAM, FIA_UAU.5/PACE_CAM,
                                      FIA_UAU.6/EAC, FDP_ACC.1/TRM, FDP_ACF.1/TRM,
                                                                                        Section
OT.Sens_Data_Conf                     FDP_UCT.1/TRM, FMT_MTD.1/CVCA_INI,
                                      FMT_MTD.1/CVCA_UPD, FMT_MTD.1/DATE,               6.3.1
                                      FMT_MTD.1/CAPK, FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ,
                                      FMT_MTD.1/PACE_CAM_KEY_READ,
                                      FMT_MTD.1/PACE_CAM_KEY_WRITE FMT_MTD.3,
                                      FMT_MTD.1/AAPK,
                                      FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PIN, FIA_AFL.1/Block_PIN,
                                      FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PUK, FIA_AFL.1/Block_PUK
                                      FCS_CKM.1/CA, FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC,
                                      FCS_COP.1/CA_MAC, FMT_SMF.1, FMT_SMR.1/PACE,
                                                                                        Section
OT.Chip_Auth_Proof                    FMT_MTD.1/CAPK, FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ,
                                                                                        6.3.1
                                      FIA_API.1/CA, FMT_MTD.1/AAPK, FIA_API.1/AA,
                                      FCS_COP.1/SIG_GEN
                                      FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE, FCS_COP.1/SIG_VER,
                                      FCS_COP.1/PACE_ENC, FCS_COP.1/PACE_MAC,
                                      FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC, FCS_COP.1/CA_MAC,
                                      FCS_RND.1, FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PIN,
                                      FIA_AFL.1/Block_PIN, FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PUK,
                                      FIA_AFL.1/Block_PUK, FIA_UID.1/POLY,
                                      FIA_UAU.1/POLY, FIA_UAU.4/POLY, FIA_UAU.6/EAC,
                                      FDP_RIP.1/POLY, FDP_RIP.1, FDP_ACC.1/POLY,
                                      FDP_ACF.1/POLY, FDP_ACC.1/TRM, FDP_ACF.1/TRM,
                                      FDP_UCT.1/TRM, FDP_UIT.1/TRM, FTP_ITC.1/PACE,     Section
OT.Polymorphic_Data_Confidentiality
                                      FMT_SMF.1, FMT_SMR.1/POLY,                        6.3.1
                                      FMT_MTD.1/CVCA_INI, FMT_MTD.1/CVCA_UPD,
                                      FMT_MTD.1/PA, FMT_MTD.1/CAPK,
                                      FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ, FMT_MTD.1/PI_PP_CPI_Read,
                                      FMT_MTD.1/PI_PP_CPI_Load,
                                      FMT_MTD.1/Initialize_PIN, FMT_MTD.1/Change_PIN,
                                      FMT_MTD.1/Unblock_PIN, FMT_MTD.1/Resume_PIN,
                                      FCS_CKM.1/CA, FIA_UAU.6/POLY, FMT_MTD.3,
                                      FCS_CKM.4, FIA_UAU.5/POLY, FCS_CKM.1/POLY,
                                      FCS_COP.1/POLY
                                      FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE, FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC,
                                      FCS_COP.1/CA_MAC, FCS_RND.1,
                                      FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PIN, FIA_AFL.1/Block_PIN,
                                      FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PUK, FIA_AFL.1/Block_PUK,       Section
OT.Polymorphic_Data_Integrity
                                      FIA_UID.1/POLY, FIA_UAU.1/POLY, FIA_UAU.4/POLY,   6.3.1
                                      FIA_UAU.6/EAC, FDP_RIP.1/POLY, FDP_RIP.1,
                                      FDP_ACC.1/POLY, FDP_ACF.1/POLY, FDP_ACC.1/TRM,
                                      FDP_ACF.1/TRM, FDP_UCT.1/TRM, FDP_UIT.1/TRM,
                             Security Target Lite
                                                                            Ref.:
                      IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                                     2018_2000036361
                      Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                       Page: 118/150
                            eMRTD Configuration)

                                   FTP_ITC.1/PACE, FMT_SMF.1, FMT_SMR.1/POLY,
                                   FMT_MTD.1/PA, FMT_MTD.1/CAPK,
                                   FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ, FPT_PHP.3,
                                   FMT_MTD.1/PI_PP_CPI_Read,
                                   FMT_MTD.1/PI_PP_CPI_Load,
                                   FMT_MTD.1/Initialize_PIN, FMT_MTD.1/Change_PIN,
                                   FMT_MTD.1/Unblock_PIN, FMT_MTD.1/Resume_PIN,
                                   FCS_CKM.1/CA, FIA_UAU.6/POLY, FCS_CKM.4,
                                   FIA_UAU.5/POLY, FCS_CKM.1/POLY, FCS_COP.1/POLY
                                   FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE, FCS_COP.1/PACE_MAC,
                                   FCS_RND.1, FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PIN,
                                   FIA_AFL.1/Block_PIN, FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PUK,
                                   FIA_AFL.1/Block_PUK, FIA_UID.1/POLY,
                                   FIA_UAU.1/POLY, FIA_UAU.4/POLY, FIA_UAU.6/EAC,
                                   FIA_AFL.1/PACE, FDP_RIP.1/POLY, FDP_RIP.1,        Section
OT.Polymorphic_Data_Authenticity
                                   FTP_ITC.1/PACE, FMT_SMF.1, FMT_SMR.1/POLY,        6.3.1
                                   FMT_MTD.1/PA, FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ,
                                   FMT_MTD.1/Initialize_PIN, FMT_MTD.1/Change_PIN,
                                   FMT_MTD.1/Unblock_PIN, FMT_MTD.1/Resume_PIN,
                                   FCS_CKM.1/CA, FIA_UAU.6/POLY, FCS_CKM.4,
                                   FIA_UAU.5/POLY, FCS_CKM.1/POLY, FCS_COP.1/POLY
                                   FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE, FCS_COP.1/POLY,
                                   FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PIN, FIA_AFL.1/Block_PIN,
                                                                                     Section
OT.Polymorphic_Data_Privacy        FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PUK, FIA_AFL.1/Block_PUK,
                                                                                     6.3.1
                                   FMT_MTD.1/PI_PP_CPI_Read, FPR_ANO.1,
                                   FPR_UNL.1, FCS_CKM.4, FCS_CKM.1/POLY
                                   FCS_COP.1/SIG_VER, FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC,
                                   FCS_COP.1/CA_MAC, FCS_RND.1,
                                   FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PIN, FIA_AFL.1/Block_PIN,
                                   FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PUK, FIA_AFL.1/Block_PUK,
                                   FIA_UID.1/POLY, FIA_UAU.1/POLY, FIA_UAU.4/POLY,
                                   FIA_UAU.6/EAC, FDP_ACC.1/POLY, FDP_ACF.1/POLY,
                                   FDP_ACC.1/TRM, FDP_ACF.1/TRM, FAU_SAS.1,          Section
OT.AC_Pers_Polymorphic             FMT_SMF.1, FMT_SMR.1/POLY, FMT_MTD.1/PA,          6.3.1
                                   FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ, FPT_EMS.1,
                                   FMT_MTD.1/PI_PP_CPI_Load,
                                   FMT_MTD.1/Initialize_PIN, FMT_MTD.1/Change_PIN,
                                   FMT_MTD.1/Unblock_PIN, FMT_MTD.1/Resume_PIN,
                                   FCS_CKM.1/CA, FMT_MTD.1/INI_DIS,
                                   FMT_MTD.1/INI_ENA, FIA_UAU.6/POLY, FCS_CKM.4,
                                   FIA_UAU.5/POLY
                                   FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PIN,                            Section
OT.DoS
                                   FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PUK                             6.3.1

                    Table 7 Security Objectives and SFRs - Coverage
                        Security Target Lite
                                                                       Ref.:
                 IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                                2018_2000036361
                 Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                  Page: 119/150
                       eMRTD Configuration)

6.3.3 Dependencies

6.3.3.1 SFRs Dependencies
Requirements                   CC Dependencies            Satisfied Dependencies
FIA_AFL.1/PACE                 (FIA_UAU.1)                FIA_UAU.1/PACE
FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PIN          (FIA_UAU.1)                FIA_UAU.1/POLY
FIA_AFL.1/Suspend_PUK          (FIA_UAU.1)                FIA_UAU.1/POLY
FIA_AFL.1/Block_PIN            (FIA_UAU.1)                FIA_UAU.1/POLY
FIA_AFL.1/Block_PUK            (FIA_UAU.1)                FIA_UAU.1/POLY
FIA_UID.1/PACE                 No Dependencies
FIA_UAU.1/PACE                 (FIA_UID.1)                FIA_UID.1/PACE
FIA_UAU.4/PACE                 No Dependencies
FIA_UAU.5/PACE                 No Dependencies
FIA_UAU.6/EAC                  No Dependencies
FIA_UAU.6/PACE                 No Dependencies
FIA_UID.1/PACE_CAM             No Dependencies
FIA_UAU.1/PACE_CAM             (FIA_UID.1)                FIA_UID.1/PACE_CAM
FIA_UAU.4/PACE_CAM             No Dependencies
FIA_UAU.5/PACE_CAM             No Dependencies
FIA_UAU.6/PACE_CAM             No Dependencies
FIA_UID.1/POLY                 No Dependencies
FIA_UAU.1/POLY                 (FIA_UID.1)                FIA_UID.1/POLY
FIA_UAU.4/POLY                 No Dependencies
FIA_UAU.5/POLY                 No Dependencies
FIA_UAU.6/POLY                 No Dependencies
                               (FMT_SMF.1) and            FMT_SMF.1,
FMT_MTD.1/PACE_CAM_KEY_READ
                               (FMT_SMR.1)                FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                               (FMT_SMF.1) and            FMT_SMF.1,
FMT_MTD.1/PACE_CAM_KEY_WRITE
                               (FMT_SMR.1)                FMT_SMR.1/PACE
FIA_API.1/CA                   No Dependencies
FIA_API.1/AA                   No Dependencies
FDP_ACC.1/TRM                  (FDP_ACF.1)                FDP_ACF.1/TRM
                               (FDP_ACC.1) and
FDP_ACF.1/TRM                                             FDP_ACC.1/TRM
                               (FMT_MSA.3)
FDP_RIP.1                      No Dependencies
FDP_ACC.1/POLY                 (FDP_ACF.1)                FDP_ACF.1/POLY
                               (FDP_ACC.1) and
FDP_ACF.1/POLY                                            FDP_ACC.1/POLY
                          Object (SOD).


The issuing State or Organisation implements security features of the travel
document to maintain the authenticity and integrity of the travel document and
their data. The physical part of the travel document and the travel document’s
chip are identified by the Document Number.

The physical part of the travel document is protected by physical security
measures (e.g. watermark, security printing), logical (e.g. authentication keys of
the travel document’s chip) and organisational security measures (e.g. control of
materials, personalisation procedures) [ICAO-9303].These security measures can
include the binding of the travel document’s chip to the travel document.

The logical travel document is protected in authenticity and integrity by a digital
signature created by the document signer acting for the issuing State or
Organisation and the security features of the travel document’s chip.

The ICAO Doc 9303 [ICAO-9303] defines the baseline security methods Passive
Authentication, advanced security access methods Basic Access Control (BAC)
and Password Authenticated Connection Establishment to the logical travel



These biometric reference data are optional according to [ICAO-9303]. This ST assumes that the issuing State or
1

Organisation uses this option and protects these data by means of extended access control.
                        Security Target Lite
                                                                    Ref.:
                 IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                              2018_2000036361
                 P     (FMT_MSA.3)
FDP_RIP.1/POLY                 No Dependencies
                               (FDP_ACC.1 or FDP_IFC.1)
                                                          FDP_ACC.1/TRM,
FDP_UCT.1/TRM                  and (FTP_ITC.1 or
                                                          FTP_ITC.1/PACE
                               FTP_TRP.1)
                               (FDP_ACC.1 or FDP_IFC.1)
                                                          FDP_ACC.1/TRM,
FDP_UIT.1/TRM                  and (FTP_ITC.1 or
                                                          FTP_ITC.1/PACE
                               FTP_TRP.1)
FTP_ITC.1/PACE                 No Dependencies
FAU_SAS.1                      No Dependencies
FMT_SMF.1                      No Dependencies
                                                          FIA_UID.1/PACE,
FMT_SMR.1/PACE                 (FIA_UID.1)
                                                          FIA_UID.1/PACE_CAM
                          Security Target Lite
                                                                    Ref.:
                   IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                             2018_2000036361
                   Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                               Page: 120/150
                         eMRTD Configuration)

FMT_LIM.1                     (FMT_LIM.2)               FMT_LIM.2
FMT_LIM.2                     (FMT_LIM.1)               FMT_LIM.1
FMT_SMR.1/POLY                (FIA_UID.1)               FIA_UID.1/POLY
FMT_LIM.1/POLY                (FMT_LIM.2)               FMT_LIM.2/POLY
FMT_LIM.2/POLY                (FMT_LIM.1)               FMT_LIM.1/POLY
                              (FMT_SMF.1) and           FMT_SMF.1,
FMT_MTD.1/INI_ENA
                              (FMT_SMR.1)               FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                              (FMT_SMF.1) and           FMT_SMF.1,
FMT_MTD.1/INI_DIS
                              (FMT_SMR.1)               FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                              (FMT_SMF.1) and           FMT_SMF.1,
FMT_MTD.1/PA
                              (FMT_SMR.1)               FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                              (FMT_SMF.1) and           FMT_SMF.1,
FMT_MTD.1/CVCA_INI
                              (FMT_SMR.1)               FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                              (FMT_SMF.1) and           FMT_SMF.1,
FMT_MTD.1/CVCA_UPD
                              (FMT_SMR.1)               FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                              (FMT_SMF.1) and           FMT_SMF.1,
FMT_MTD.1/DATE
                              (FMT_SMR.1)               FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                              (FMT_SMF.1) and           FMT_SMF.1,
FMT_MTD.1/CAPK
                              (FMT_SMR.1)               FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                              (FMT_SMF.1) and           FMT_SMF.1,
FMT_MTD.1/AAPK
                              (FMT_SMR.1)               FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                              (FMT_SMF.1) and           FMT_SMF.1,
F                          MT_MTD.1/KEY_READ
                              (FMT_SMR.1)               FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                                                        FMT_MTD.1/CVCA_INI,
FMT_MTD.3                     (FMT_MTD.1)
                                                        FMT_MTD.1/CVCA_UPD
                              (FMT_SMF.1) and           FMT_SMF.1,
FMT_MTD.1/Initialize_PIN
                              (FMT_SMR.1)               FMT_SMR.1/POLY
FMT_MTD.1/Change_PIN          (FMT_SMF.1) and           FMT_SMF.1,
                              (FMT_SMR.1)               FMT_SMR.1/POLY
FMT_MTD.1/Unblock_PIN         (FMT_SMF.1) and           FMT_SMF.1,
                              (FMT_SMR.1)               FMT_SMR.1/POLY
FMT_MTD.1/Resume_PIN          (FMT_SMF.1) and           FMT_SMF.1,
                              (FMT_SMR.1)               FMT_SMR.1/POLY
FMT_MTD.1/PI_PP_CPI_Load      (FMT_SMF.1) and           FMT_SMF.1,
                              (FMT_SMR.1)               FMT_SMR.1/POLY
FMT_MTD.1/PI_PP_CPI_Read      (FMT_SMF.1) and           FMT_SMF.1,
                              (FMT_SMR.1)               FMT_SMR.1/POLY
FPT_EMS.1                     No Dependencies
FPT_FLS.1                     No Dependencies
FPT_TST.1                     No Dependencies
FPT_PHP.3                     No Dependencies
                              (FCS_CKM.2 or             FCS_CKM.4,
FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE             FCS_COP.1) and            FCS_COP.1/PACE_ENC,
                              (FCS_CKM.4)               FCS_COP.1/PACE_MAC
                              (FCS_CKM.2 or             FCS_CKM.4,
FCS_CKM.1/CA                  FCS_COP.1) and            FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC,
                              (FCS_CKM.4)               FCS_COP.1/CA_MAC
                              (FCS_CKM.2 or
                                                        FCS_CKM.4,
FCS_CKM.1/POLY                FCS_COP.1) and
                              (FCS_CKM.4)               FCS_COP.1/POLY
                              (FCS_CKM.1 or FDP_ITC.1
FCS_CKM.4                                               FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE
                              or FDP_ITC.2)
FCS_COP.1/PACE_ENC            (FCS_CKM.1 or FDP_ITC.1   FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE,
                          Security Target Lite
                                                                      Ref.:
                   IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                               2018_2000036361
                   Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                 Page: 121/150
                         eMRTD Configuration)

                                or FDP_ITC.2) and         FCS_CKM.4
                                (FCS_CKM.4)
                                (FCS_CKM.1 or FDP_ITC.1
                                                          FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE,
FCS_COP.1/PACE_MAC              or FDP_ITC.2) and
                                                          FCS_CKM.4
                                (FCS_CKM.4)
                                (FCS_CKM.1 or FDP_ITC.1
FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC                or FDP_ITC.2) and         FCS_CKM.1/CA, FCS_CKM.4
                                (FCS_CKM.4)
                                (FCS_CKM.1 or FDP_ITC.1
FCS_COP.1/SIG_VER               or FDP_ITC.2) and         FCS_CKM.1/CA, FCS_CKM.4
                                (FCS_CKM.4)
                                (FCS_CKM.1 or FDP_ITC.1
FCS_COP.1/SIG_GEN               or FDP_ITC.2) and         FCS_CKM.1/CA, FCS_CKM.4
                                (FCS_CKM.4)
                                (FCS_CKM.1 or FDP_ITC.1
FCS_COP.1/CA_MAC                or FDP_ITC.2) and         FCS_CKM.1/CA, FCS_CKM.4
                                (FCS_CKM.4)
FCS_COP.1/POLY                  (FCS_CKM.1 or FDP_ITC.1
                                                          FCS_CKM.1/POLY,
                                or FDP_ITC.2) and
                                (FCS_CKM.4)               FCS_CKM.4
FCS_RND.1                       No Dependencies
FPR_ANO.1                       No Dependencies
FPR_UNL.1                       No Dependencies

                          Table 8 SFRs Dependencies


6.3.3.1.1 Rationale for the exclusion of Dependencies


The dependency FMT_MSA.3 of FDP_ACF.1/TRM is discarded. The access
  control TSF according to FDP_ACF.1/TRM uses security attributes which are
  defined during the personalisation and are fixed over the whole life time of the
  TOE. No management of these security attribute (i.e. SFR FMT_MSA.1 and
  FMT_MSA.3) is necessary here.
                         Security Target Lite
                                                                      Ref.:
                  IDeal Pass v2.3-n JC with Privacy
                                                               2018_2000036361
                  Protection (SAC/EAC/Polymorphic
                                                                 Page: 122/150
                        eMRTD Configuration)

6.3.3.2 SARs Dependencies
Requirements     CC Dependencies                          Satisfied Dependencies
ADV_ARC.1       (ADV_FSP.1) and (ADV_TDS.1)               ADV_FSP.5, ADV_TDS.4
ADV_FSP.5       (ADV_IMP.1) and (ADV_TDS.1)               ADV_IMP.1, ADV_TDS.4
ADV_IMP.1       (ADV_TDS.3) and (ALC_TAT.1)               ADV_TDS.4, ALC_TAT.2
                (ADV_IMP.1) and (ADV_TDS.3) and           ADV_IMP.1, ADV_TDS.4,
ADV_INT.2
                (ALC_TAT.1)                               ALC_TAT.2
ADV_TDS.4       (ADV_FSP.5)                               ADV_FSP.5
AGD_OPE.1       (ADV_FSP.1)                               ADV_FSP.5
AGD_PRE.1       No Dependencies
                (ALC_CMS.1) and (ALC_DVS.1) and           ALC_CMS.5, ALC_DVS.2,
ALC_CMC.4
                (ALC_LCD.1)                               ALC_LCD.1
ALC_CMS.5       No Dependencies
ALC_DEL.1       No Dependencies
ALC_DVS.2       No Dependencies
ALC_LCD.1       No Dependencies
ALC_TAT.2       (ADV_IMP.1)                               ADV_IMP.1
                (ASE_ECD.1) and (ASE_INT.1) and           ASE_ECD.1, ASE_INT.1,
ASE_CCL.1
                (ASE_REQ.1)                               ASE_REQ.2
ASE_ECD.1       No Dependencies
ASE_INT.1       No Dependencies
ASE_OBJ.2       (ASE_SPD.1)                               ASE_SPD.1
ASE_REQ.2       (ASE_ECD.1) and (ASE_OBJ.2)               ASE_ECD.1, ASE_OBJ.2
ASE_SPD.1       No Dependencies
                (ADV_FSP.1) and (ASE_INT.1) and           ADV_FSP.5, ASE_INT.1,
ASE_TSS.1
                (ASE_REQ.1)                               ASE_REQ.2
ATE_COV.2       (ADV_FSP.2) and (ATE_FUN.1)               ADV_FSP.5, ATE_FUN.1
                (ADV_ARC.1) and (ADV_TDS.4) and           ADV_ARC.1, ADV_TDS.4,
ATE_DPT.3
                (ATE_FUN.1)                               ATE_FUN.1
ATE_FUN.1       (ATE_COV.1)                               ATE_COV.2
                (ADV_FSP.2) and (AGD_OPE.1) and           ADV_FSP.5, AGD_OPE.1,
ATE_IND.2       (AGD_PRE.1) and (ATE_COV.1) and           AGD_PRE.1, ATE_COV.2,
                (ATE_FUN.1)                               ATE_FUN.1
                (ADV_ARC.1) and (ADV_FSP.4) and           ADV_ARC.1, ADV_FSP.5,
                (ADV_IMP.1) and (ADV_TDS.3) and           ADV_IMP.1, ADV_TDS.4,
AVA_VAN.5
                (AGD_OPE.1) and (AGD_PRE.1) and           AGD_OPE.1, AGD_PRE.1,
                (ATE_DPT.1)                               ATE_DPT.3

                           Table 9 SARs Dependencies


6.3.4 Rationale for the Security Assurance Requirements
The EAL5 was chosen to permits a developer to gain maximum assurance from
positive security engineering based upon rigorous commercial development
practices supported rotection (SAC/EAby moderate application of specialist security engineering
techniques. Such a TOE will probably be designed and C/Polymorphic
                                                         developed with the intent
of achieving EAL5 assurance. It is likely that th       Page: 15/150
  e FCS_COP.1 Cryptographic
                           operation]: fulfilled by FCS_CKM.4
                           Justification: A ECDH agreement is used in order to have no key distribution,
                           therefore FCS_CKM.2 makes no sense in this case while FCS_CKM.4 Cryptographic
                           key destruction makes sense.

  FCS_CKM.1.1/DH_PACE      The TSF shall generate cryptographic keys in accordance with a specified
                           cryptographic key generation algorithm ECDH compliant to [TR_ECC] and
                           specified cryptographic key size Table 7 column key size that meet the following:
                           [ICAO_SAC].




Table 7       FCS_CKM/DH_PACE Key Sizes
  Algorithm                                                               Key size
  ECDH key agreement algorithm                                            224, 256, 320, 384, 512
  AES session keys                                                        128, 192, 256
  TDES session keys                                                       112




  FCS_COP.1/PACE_ENC        Cryptographic operation – Encryption / Decryption AES / 3DES

  Hierarchical to:          No other components.

  Dependencies:             [FDP_ITC.1 Import of user data without security attributes, or FDP_ITC.2 Import
                            of user data with security attributes, or FCS_CKM.1 Cryptographic key
                            generation]: fulfilled by FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE
                            FCS_CKM.4 Cryptographic key destruction: fulfilled by FCS_CKM.4.

  FCS_COP.1.1/PACE_ENC      The TSF shall perform secure messaging – encryption and decryption in
                            accordance with a specified cryptographic algorithm AES and 3DES in CBC mode

CC Document                                           20
                                                                                                      1.2
                                                                                                      2020-05-27
Security Target
ePassport configuration of SECORA™ ID S Infineon Applet Collection - eMRTD V1.0



                           and cryptographic key sizes 128, 192 and 256 bits for AES and 112 bits for 3DES
                           that meet the following: compliant to [ICAO_SAC].

 [IFX specific]            3DES in CBC mode is used with key size of 112 bit. AES in CBC mode is used with
 Application Note:         key size of 128, 192 or 256 bit. The TOE implements the cryptographic primitives
                           (i.e. Triple-DES and AES) for secure messaging with encryption of the transmitted
                           data and encrypting the nonce in the first step of PACE. The keys are agreed
                           between the TOE and the terminal as part of the PACE protocol according to
                           FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE.




 FCS_COP.1/PACE_MAC        MAC Cryptographic operation – MAC

 Hierarchical to:          No other components.

 Dependencies:             [FDP_ITC.1 Import of user data without security attributes, or FDP_ITC.2 Import
                           of user data with security attributes, or FCS_CKM.1 Cryptographic key
                           generation]: fulfilled by FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE
                           FCS_CKM.4 Cryptographic key destruction: fulfilled by FCS_CKM.4.

 FCS_COP.1.1/PACE_MAC      The TSF shall perform secure messaging – message authentication code in
                           accordance with a specified cryptographic algorithm CMAC d objectives of the TOE. They can be instantiated as assumptions,
                       threats, objectives (for the TOE and the environment) or organizational security policies.
                       The description is based on [6].
                       This chapters described only the Security Aspects which have been added in comparison
                       to the PP [6].

                  3.1 Integrity

                 3.1.1 SA.INTEG-APPLI-DATA-PHYS: Integrity of Application Data (Sensitive
                       Result)
                       Integrity-sensitive application data must be protected against unauthorized modification
                       by physical attacks.

                  3.2 Configuration Module

                 3.2.1 SA.CONFIGURATION-MODULE: Configuration Module
                       The Configuration Module is a JCOP functionality which allows to read and modify
                       configuration items in the configuration area of the TOE.

                  3.3 Modular Design

                 3.3.1 SA.MODULAR-DESIGN: Modular Design
                       The TOE might contain one or more Modules implementing particular functionality. The
                       list of Modules present in the TOE must be retrievable. The Modules have an associated
                       AID which allows to identify them. The AID is equivalent to the Package AID of                                                                          47 / 120
NXP Semiconductors
                                                                                                                               JCOP 4.7 SE051
                                                                                                                                             Security Target Lite


                      SFR ID                                        Selection / Assignment                                  Selection / Assignment value
                                                                    text
                                                           [3][4]
                      FCS_CKM.1.1[ECDSA]                            [assignment: cryptographic ECDSA (ECC over GF(p)) key
                                                                    key generation algorithm] generation
                                                                    [assignment: cryptographic 160, 192, 224, 256, 320, 384, 512 and
                                                                    key sizes]                 521 bits
                                                                    [assignment: list of                                    ISO/IEC 14888-3, ANSI X9.62 and FIPS
                                                                    standards]                                              186-4
                      FCS_CKM.1.1[PUF]                              [assignment: cryptographic Key derivation function based on PUF
                                                                    key generation algorithm]
                                                                    [assignment: cryptographic 128 bits
                                                                    key sizes]
                                                                    [assignment: list of                                    [12]
                                                                    standards]

                      [1]   FCS_CKM.1.1[RSA] is applicable only if the corresponding Module for the cryptographic operation is present in the TOE.
                      [2]   The functionality of FCS_CKM.1.1[RSA] is provided by the Crypto Library [10].
                      [3]   FCS_CKM.1.1[ECDSA] is applicable only if the corresponding Module for the cryptographic operation is present in the
                            TOE.
                      [4]   The functionality of FCS_CKM.1.1[ECDSA] is provided by the Crypto Library [10].




                      Table 14. FCS_CKM.4 Cryptographic key destruction
                      SFR ID                                        Selection / Assignment                                  Selection / Assignment value
                                                                    text
                                         [1]
                      FCS_CKM.4.1                                   [assignment: cryptographic physically overwriting the keys in a
                                                                    key destruction method]    randomized manner
                                                                    [assignment: list of                                    none
                                                                    standards]
                      FCS_CKM.4.1[PUF]                              [assignment: cryptographic flushing of key registers
                                                                    key destruction method]
                                                                    [assignment: list of                                    none
                                                                    standards]

                      [1]   FCS_CKM.4 for ECC keys is applicable only if the corresponding Module for the cryptographic operation is present in the
                            TOE.




                      Table 15. FCS_COP.1 Cryptographic operation
                      SFR ID                                        Selection / Assignment                                  Selection / Assignment value
                                                                    text
                      FCS_COP.1.1[PUF AES]                          [assignment: list of                                    Data encryption and decryption
                                                                    cryptographic operations]
                                                                    [assignment: cryptographic AES in CBC mode
                                                                    algorithm]
                                                                    [assignment: cryptographic 128 bits
                                                                    key sizes]
                                                                    [assignment: list of                                    FIPS 197, NIST SP 800-38A
                                                                    standards]


JCOP 4.7 SE051                                 All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.                       © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation document                                           Rev. 1.3 — 30 June 2020
PUBLIC                                                                                                                                                                  48 / 120
NXP Semiconductors
                                                                                                                    JCOP 4.7 SE051
                                                                                                                                  Security Target Lite


                      SFR ID                             Selection / Assignment                                  Selection / Assignment value
                                                         text
                      FCS_COP.1.1[PUF MAC]               [assignment: list of                                    AES CBC-MAC used for calculation of a
                                                         cryptographic operations]                               PUF authentication
                                                         [assignment: cryptographic AES in CBC-MAC mode
                                                         algorithm]
                                                         [assignment: cryptographic 128 bits
                                                         key sizes]
                                                         [assignment: list of                                    FIPS 197, NIST SP 800-38A and ISO/
                                                         standards]                                              IEC 9797-1
                      FCS_COP.1.1[TripleDES]             [assignment: list of                                    Data encryption and decryption
                                                         cryptographic operations]
                                                         [assignment: cryptographic ALG_DES_CBC_ISO9797_M1
                                                         algorithm]                 ALG_DES_CBC_ISO9797_M2
                                                                                    ALG_DES_CBC_NOPAD
                                                                                    ALG_DES_ECB_ISO9797_M1
 JavaCard
                       packages. Modules can only be deleted, re-loading of a previously deleted module or
                       replacing a present module must not be possible. Interfaces to a Module can be Public
                       or TOE internal. Public Interfaces can directly be accessed by any Applet or via an
                       APDU, TOE internal interfaces can only be accessed by the TOE itself, Applets use the
                       corresponding JavaCard API [14].

                 3.3.2 SA.MODULE-INVOCATION: Module Invocation
                       Invoking a module must be transparent to the user. If a Module has a TOE internal
                       interface, is not present and is invoked by the user, the TOE must preserve a secure
                       state by throwing an exception or returning an appropriate error status word to the CAD.




JCOP 4.7 SE051                        All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.          © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation document                                  Rev. 1.3 — 30 June 2020
PUBLIC                                                                                                                                            21 / 120
NXP Semiconductors
                                                                                                                   JCOP 4.7 SE051
                                                                                                                        Security Target Lite


4       Security Problem Definition (ASE_SPD)
                       The Security Problem Definition is described within the following sections. Only additional
                       and refined items compared to the PP [6] are described.

                  4.1 Assets
                       Assets are security-relevant elements to be directly protected by the TOE. Confidentiality
                       of assets is always intended with respect to un-trusted people or software, as various
                       parties are involved during the first stages of the smart card product life-cycle. Details
                       concerning the threats are given in Section 4.2 "Threats" hereafter.
                       Assets have to be protected, some in terms of confidentiality and some in terms of
                       integrity or both integrity and confidentiality. These assets might get compromised by the
                       threats that the TOE is exposed to.
                       The assets to be protected by the TOE are listed below. They are grouped according to
                       whether it is data created by and for the user (User data) or data created by and for the
                       TOE (TSF data). This definition of grouping is taken from Section 5.1 of [6].

                 4.1.1 User Data

                       D.APSD_KEYS                        Refinement of D.APP_KEYS of [6]. Application Provider Security
                                                          Domains cryptographic keys are needed to establish secure channels
                                                          with the AP. These keys can be used to load and install applications
                                                          on the card if the Security Domain has the appropriate privileges. To
                                                          be protected from unauthorized disclosure and modification.
                       D.ISD_KEYS                         Refinement of D.APP_KEYS of [6]. Issuer Security Domain
                                                          cryptographic keys are needed to perform card management
                                                          operations on the card. To be protected from unauthorized disclosure
                                                          and modification.
                       D.VASD_KEYS                        Refinement of D.APP_KEYS of [6]. Verification Authority Security
                                                          Domain cryptographic keys needed to verify applications Mandated
                                                          DAP signature. To be protected from unauthorized disclosure and
                                                          modification.
                       D.CARD_MNGT_DATA                   The data of the card management environment, like for instance,
                                                          the identifiers, the privileges, life cycle states. To be protected from
                                                          unauthorized modification.


                 4.1.2 TSF Data

                       D.CONFIG_ITEM                 A configuration that can be changed using the Configuration Mechanism.
                       D.MODULE_CODE                 The code of a Module. The code of a module might comprise Java code,
                                                     native code, code of a native Library or a combination of them. To be
                                                     protected against unauthorized disclosure and modification. Further to be
                                                     protected against unauthorized removal or presence forgery.
                       D.MODULE_DATA                 Private data of a Module, like the contents of its private fields. To be
                                                     protected from unauthorized disclosure and modification.




JCOP 4.7 SE051                        All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimand Retail-MAC and
                           cryptographic key sizes 112, 128, 192, 256 bit that meet the following: compliant
                           to [ICAO_SAC] .

 [IFX specific]            In accordance with [ICAO_SAC] the (two-key) Triple-DES (112 Bit) could be used
                           in Retail mode for secure messaging.
 Application Note:




7.1.3.2             Class FIA Identification and Authentication


 FIA_AFL.1/PACE           Authentication failure handling – PACE authentication using non-blocking
                          authorisation data

 Dependencies:            FIA_UAU.1 Timing of authentication: fulfilled by FIA_UAU.1/PACE

 Hierarchicalto:          No other components.



CC Document                                          21
                                                                                                     1.2
                                                                                                     2020-05-27
                                                               [CR-N7121]           BSI-DSZ-CC-1040-2019, NXP Smart Card Controller N7121 with IC Dedicated
                                                                                                                      Software and Crypto Library from NXP Semiconductors Germany GmbH, v1.0, 14-
                                                                                                                      06-2019, BSI
                                                                                                 [N7121-ETRfC]        ETR for Composition, NXP Secure Smart Card Controller N7121 with IC Dedicated
                                                                                                                      Software and Crypto Library (N7121) according to AIS36, 18-RPT-788 v8.0, 31
                                                                                                                      May 2019, Brightsight
                                                                                                 [N7121-ST]           NXP Secure Smart Card Controller N7121 with IC Dedicated Software and Crypto
                                                                                                                      Library Security Target, Rev. 1.5, 31 May 2019
                                                                                                 [ETR]                Evaluation Technical Report JCOP 4 P71, 19-RPT-542, Version 5.0, 19 March
                                                                                                                      2020.
                                                                                                 [ETRfC]              ETR for Composite Evaluation JCOP 4 P71, 19-RPT-177, Version 7.0, 19 March
                                                                                                                      2020.
                                                                                                 [GP]                 GlobalPlatform Card Specification, v2.3, GlobalPlatform Inc., October 2015
                                                                                                 [JCAPI]              Java Card 3 Platform, Application Programming Interface, Classic Edition, Version
                                                                                                                      3.0.5, May 2015, Published by Oracle
                                                                                                 [JCRE]               Java Card 3 Platform, Runtime Environment Specification, Classic Edition, Version
                                                                                                                      3.0.5, May 2015, Published by Oracle
                                                                                                 [JCVM]               Java Card 3 Platform, Virtual Machine Specification, Classic Edition, Version 3.0.5,
                                                                                                                      May 2015, Published by Oracle.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FIA_UID.1[RM]                                 No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FIA_UAU.1[RM]                                 No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
Further Security Functional Requirements (chapter 7.1.12 in platform ST)
FAU_SAS.1[SCP]                                No correspondence            Out of scope (internal Java Card func-
                                                                           tionality).
                                                                           No contradiction to this ST.
FCS_RNG.1                                     In this ST, random num- FCS_RND.1
                                              bers according to AIS20
                                              class PTG.3 are required.
                                              The platform generates
                                              random numbers with a
                                              defined quality metric
                                              that can be used di-
                                              rectly.
FCS_RNG.1[HDT]                                No correspondence            Hybrid deterministic random num-
                                                                           ber generator.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            reader/writer (proximity coupling
        device, terminal). The transmission protocol meets [ISO/IEC 14443-3] and [ISO/IEC 14443-4] Type B.
   -    The contact based interface ISO 7816-3 supported for the purposes of eID and eDL.
   -    The command interface to the TOE is provided by the ePassport Application.



2.6.3              Package Types
The TOE package types and formats are exactly the same as for the underlying Java Card OS. The package
types and formats of the Java Card OS Secora ID S are described in [ST_JC_ID_S_Platform], section 1.4.3 and
1.4.6.


2.6.4              Lifecycle and Delivery
The [PP_EAC], [PP_SAC] and [PP_BAC] define the lifecycle phases for the TOE as follows:
1. Development
   - Step 1: Development of hardware and IC dedicated software (firmware)
   - Step 2: Development of IC embedded software

CC Document                                            8
                                                                                                      1.2
                                                                                                      2020-05-27
Security Target
ePassport configuration of SECORA™ ID S Infineon Applet Collection - eMRTD V1.0



2. Manufacturing
   - Step 3: manufacturing of IC and IC dedicated software. As the TOE does not provide any user ROM,
       manufacturing of IC embedded software parts in ROM are not relevant here.
   - Step 4 (optional): Combination of IC with contactless interface of the travel document
   - Step 5 (Prepersonalization): loading on the device of the executable Java Card OS image. Loading of
       the application JC package containing the TOE code, eDL and eID code.
3. Personalisation of Travel Document
   - Step 6: this step is performed by the customer. The customer receives from Infineon the TOE
       composed of the following components:
           o The underlying hardware
           o The underlying Java Card OS can be in two possible modes: either in the standard Java Card
                open mode (loading and installation of applets are possible) or in the proprietary Java Card
                static mode (preloaded by Infineon packages can be installed, applet loading is not possible).
           o The cap file of SECORA™ ID S Applet Infineon Applet Collection - eMRTD V1.0 is preloaded by
                Infineon.
           o The customer then proceeds to installing the ePassport configuration of SECORA™ ID S Infineon
                Applet Collection - eMRTD V1.0 and optionally installing the ISO/EU eDL or eID. In case the
                Secora ID S is in open mode the customer can load and install 3rd party applets. During this step
                the customer also performs the personalisation with biometric data and configuration of the
                TSF if necessary.
4. Operational Use
   - Step 7: once the personalization of the product is finished, the Java Card ID S OS is switched to its
       proprietary native mode usage of the TOE by the personalizer. Native mode switches off GP and
       identification commands to disallow tracking of the end user.




CC Document                                             9
                                                                                                        1.2
                                                                                                        2020-05-27
Security Target
ePassport configuration of SECORA™ ID S Infineon Applet Collection - eMRTD V1.0




 3             Conformance Claims (ASE_CCL)

 3.1           CC Conformance Claim
This Security Target and the TOE is Common Criteria version v3.1 revision 5 part 2 [CCPart2] extended and
Common Criteria version v3.1 revision 5 part 3 [CCPart3] conformant.


 3.2           PP Claim
The TOE is strictly conformant
     -   to [PP_BAC], if a BIS chooses BAC as authentication method
     -   to [PP_SAC], if a BIS chooses PACE as authentication method
     -   to [PP_EAC], if a EIS choses PACE as authentication method and additionally uses Extended Access
         Control, which consists of two parts (i) the Chip Authentication Protocol Version 1 (v.1) and (ii) the
         Terminal Authentication Protocol Version 1 (v.1) as defined in [TR-03110_1].


 3.3           Package Claim
The assurance level for the TOE is EAL5 augmented with the components ALC_DVS.2 and AVA_VAN.5 in case
PACE is used and EAC is not used and conform to [PP_SAC].
The assurance level for the TOE is EAL5 augmented with the components ALC_DVS.2 and AVA_VAN.5 in case
PACE and EAC are used and conform to [PP_EAC].
The assurance level for the TOE is EAL4 augmented with the components ALC_DVS.2 in case BAC is chosen as
authentication method whereby conformancy to [PP_BAC] is claimed.




CC Document                                              10
                                                                                                           1.2
                                                                                                           2020-05-27
Security Target
ePassport configuration of SECORA™ ID S Infineon Applet Collection - eMRTD V1.0




 4            Security Problem Definition (ASE_SPD)
All assets, subjects and external entities, threats, organisational security policies and assumptions from
[PP_EAC], [PP_SAC] and [PP_BAC] section 3 “Security Problem Definition” are applicable for this TOE.




CC Document                                             11
                                                                                                         1.2
                                                                                                         2020-05-27
Security Target
ePassport configuration of SECORA™ ID S Infineon Applet Collection - eMRTD V1.0




 5             Security Objectives (ASE_OBJ)
Here follows a concise description of the security objectives applying to this ST followed by a the security
objective rationale.

 5.1           Security Objectives defined in the claimed PPs
All Security Objectives provided by the TOE or by the operational environment as well as the security objectives
rationale from the claimed PPs [PP_EAC], [PP_SAC] and [PP_BAC] section 4 “Security Objectives” are applicable
for this TOE.

 5.2           Security Objectives defined in this ST
The following security objective is defined additionally in this ST to formally express the extra features of the
TOE not present in the claimed PPs:
OT.Active_Auth Travel document’s chip authenticity
The TOE shall support the Basic Inspection Systems to verify the identity and authenticity of the travel doc-
ument’s chip as issued by the identified issuing State or Organisation by means of the Active Authentication as
defined in [ICAO_9303_01]. The authenticity proof provided by travel document’s chip shall be protected
against attacks with high attack potential.



 5.3           Security Objective Rationale
The Security Objective Rationale from the claimed PPs [PP_EAC], [PP_SAC] and [PP_BAC] stays the same here.
The additionally defined in this ST security objective OT.Active_Auth above counters the threat T.Counterfeit
(threat defined in [PP_EAC].




CC Document                                              12
                                                                                                          1.2
                                                                                                          2020-05-27
Security Target
ePassport configuration of SECORA™ ID S Infineon Applet Collection - eMRTD V1.0




 6            Extended Components Definition (ASE_ECD)
[PP_EAC], [PP_SAC] and [PP_BAC] respective sections 5 “Extended Components Definition” are applicable for
this TOE.




CC Document                                          13
                                                                                                 1.2
                                                                                                 2020-05-27
Security Target
ePassport configuration of SECORA™ ID S Infineon Applet Collection - eMRTD V1.0




  7             Security Requirements (ASE_REQ)

  7.1           TOE Security Functional Requirements
 The security functional requirements (SFR) for this TOE are defined in this chapter.
This ST covers the three PPs [PP_SAC], [PP_EAC] and [PP_BAC] each two of which have a non empty
intersection of SFRs. In the rest of this section we provide a classification of the SFRs of these PPs depending on
where these SFRs are declared and if they need a refinement here in this ST.
 Table 1 lists all SFRs appearing both in [PP_SAC] and [PP_BAC].
 Table 2 lists all SFRs declared in [PP_SAC].
Table 3 lists all SFRs specific to [PP_BAC]. Note that some of the SFRs appear in both [PP_SAC] and [PP_BAC]
with same name but different content. In such cases the SFR is iterated with either the extension …/BAC or
…/PACE.
Table 4 lists all SFRs specific to [PP_EAC]. Note that [PP_EAC] is an extension of [PP_SAC], therefore all SFRs of
[PP_SAC] are SFRs in [PP_EAC], i.e. the SFRs listed in Table 3 and Table 4 are also SFRs of [PP_EAC].
Table 5 lists the SFRs introduced in this ST which are related to the Active Authentication mechanism
supported by the TOE.

Table 1       TOE SFRs equivalent from both [PP_SAC] and [PP_BAC]
  FCS_CKM.4
  FCS_RND.1
  FMT_MTD.1/INI_ENA
  FPT_TST.1
  FPT_PHP.3



Table 2       TOE SFRs specifically from [PP_SAC]
  FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE
  FCS_COP.1/PACE_ENC
  FCS_COP.1/PACE_MAC
  FIA_AFL.1/PACE
  FIA_UID.1/PACE
  FIA_UAU.1/PACE
  FIA_UAU.4/PACE
  FIA_UAU.5/PACE
  FIA_UAU.6/PACE
  FDP_ACC.1/TRM
  FDP_ACF.1/TRM
  FDP_RIP.1

CC Document                                             14
                                                                                                          1.2
                                                                                                          2020-05-27
Security Target
ePassport configuration of SECORA™ ID S Infineon Applet Collection - eMRTD V1.0




  FDP_UCT.1/TRM
  FDP_UIT.1/TRM
  FTP_ITC.1/PACE
  FAU_SAS.1
  FMT_SMF.1
  FMT_SMR.1/PACE
  FMT_LIM.1
  FMT_LIM.2
  FMT_MTD.1/INI_DIS
  FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ
  FMT_MTD.1/PA
  FPT_EMS.1
  FPT_FLS.1

Table 3

Table 4       TOE SFRs specifically from [PP_BAC]
  FCS_CKM.1
  FCS_COP.1/SHA
  FCS_COP.1/ENC
  FCS_COP.1/AUTH
  FCS_COP.1/MAC
  FIA_UID.1
  FIA_UAU.1
  FIA_UAU.4
  FIA_UAU.5
  FIA_UAU.6
  FIA_AFL.1
  FDP_ACC.1
  FDP_ACF.1
  FDP_UCT.1
  FDP_UIT.1
  FAU_SAS.1/BAC
  FMT_SMF.1/BAC
  FMT_SMR.1
  FMT_LIM.1/BAC
  FMT_LIM.2/BAC
  FMT_MTD.1/INI_DIS/BAC

CC Document                                          15
                                                                                  1.2
                                                                                  2020-05-27
Security Target
ePassport configuration of SECORA™ ID S Infineon Applet Collection - eMRTD V1.0




  FMT_MTD.1/KEY_WRITE
  FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ/BAC
  FPT_EMSEC.1
  FPT_FLS.1/BAC




Table 5       TOE SFRs specifically from [PP_EAC]
  FCS_CKM.1/CA
  FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC
  FCS_COP.1/CA_MAC
  FCS_COP.1/SIG_VER
  FIA_UID.1/PACE
  FIA_UAU.1/PACE
  FIA_UAU.4/PACE
  FIA_UAU.5/PACE
  FIA_UAU.6/EAC
  FIA_API.1
  FDP_ACC.1/TRM
  FDP_ACF.1/TRM
  FMT_SMR.1/PACE
  FMT_LIM.1
  FMT_LIM.2
  FMT_MTD.1/CVCA_INI
  FMT_MTD.1/DATE
  FMT_MTD.1/CAPK
  FMT_MTD.1/CVCA_UPD
  FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ
  FMT_MTD.3
  FPT_EMS.1




CC Document                                          16
                                                                                  1.2
                                                                                  2020-05-27
Security Target
ePassport configuration of SECORA™ ID S Infineon Applet Collection - eMRTD V1.0



Table 6       TOE SFRs introduced in this ST
 FIA_API.1/AA
 FMT_MTD.1/AA
 FCS_COP.1/SIG_GEN




7.1.1                About the Application Notes in this ST
Note that if an SFR has application notes as per the PPs [PP_SAC], [PP_EAC] and [PP_BAC] then these
application notes apply and can be found in the respective PPs.
Some SFRs contain additional application notes to ease the understanding of the specificities of this TOE.
These application notes do not come from the PPs and are prefixed with [IFX specific].



7.1.2                Common SFRs from [PP_BAC] and [PP_SAC]

7.1.2.1              Class FCS: Cryptographic Support




  FCS_CKM.4                Cryptographic key destruction – Session keys

  Hierarchical to:         No other components.

  Dependencies:            [FDP_ITC.1 Import of user data without security attributes, or FDP_ITC.2 Import of
                           user data with security attributes, or FCS_CKM.1 Cryptographic key generation]:
                           fulfilled by FCS_CKM.1 in case of BAC;
                           fulfilled by FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE in case of PACE

  FCS_CKM.4.1              The TSF shall destroy cryptographic keys in accordance with a specified
                           cryptographic key destruction method overwriting the key values with random
                           values that meets the following: none

                           Application note 19 of [PP_BAC] and application note 28 of [PP_SAC] are both
 [IFX specific]            applicable for this SFR. There is no contradiction between the two application
 Application Note:         notes. While the application note from [PP_BAC] simply requests the encryption
                           and message authentication keys to be destroyed, the application note from
                           [PP_SAC] provides more detailed requests, when the session keys have to be
                           destroyed. Therefore FCS_CKM.4 from [PP_SAC] and [PP_BAC] can be combined.




CC Document                                            17
                                                                                                       1.2
                                                                                                       2020-05-27
Security Target
ePassport configuration of SECORA™ ID S Infineon Applet Collection - eMRTD V1.0




 FCS_RND.1                Quality metric for random numbers

 Hierarchical to:         No other components.

 Dependencies:            No dependencies.

 FCS_RND.1.1              The TSF shall provide a mechanism to generate random numbers that meet
                          Random numbers generation Class PTG.3 according to [AIS31]

 [IFX specific]           There is no contradiction between application note 24 of [PP_BAC] and application
 Application Note:        note 31 of [PP_SAC]. Both application notes shall apply and therefore FCS_RND.1
                          from [PP_BAC] and [PP_SAC] can be combined, i.e. the random numbers shall be
                          used for the PACE, BAC and the authentication mechanism based on Triple-DES (as
                          defined in FIA_UAU.4/PACE and FIA_UAU.4).




7.1.2.2             Class FMT Security Management

 FMT_MTD.1/INI_ENA        Management of TSF data – Writing Initialisation and Pre-personalisation Data

 Hierarchical to:         No other components.

 Dependencies:            FMT_SMF.1 Specification of management functions: fulfilled by FMT_SMF.1 for
                          PACE; fulfilled by FMT_SMF.1/BAC for BAC
                          FMT_SMR.1 Security roles: fulfilled by FMT_SMR.1/PACE for PACE; fulfilled by
                          FMT_SMR.1 for BAC

 FMT_MTD.1.1/INI_ENA      The TSF shall restrict the ability to write the Initialisation Data and Pre-
                          personalisation Data to the Manufacturer.

 [IFX specific]           The application note 42 of [PP_BAC] applies. This application note provides a
 Application Note:        definition, what is meant by “Pre-Personalisation Data”. This definition is also
                          applicable to FMT_MTD.1/INI_ENA from [PP_SAC]. Therefore FMT_MTD.1/INI_ENA
                          from [PP_BAC] and [PP_SAC] can be combined.




CC Document                                            18
                                                                                                         1.2
                                                                                                         2020-05-27
Security Target
ePassport configuration of SECORA™ ID S Infineon Applet Collection - eMRTD V1.0




7.1.2.3             Class FPT Protection of the Security Functions


 FPT_TST.1                TSF testing

 Hierarchical to:         No other components.

 Dependencies:            No dependencies.

 FPT_TST.1.1              The TSF shall run a suite of self tests during initial start-up, to demonstrate the
                          correct operation of the TSF.

 FPT_TST.1.2              The TSF shall provide authorised users with the capability to verify the integrity of
                          the TSF data.

 FPT_TST.1.3              The TSF shall provide authorised users with the capability to verify the integrity of
                          stored TSF executable code.



 [IFX specific]           There is no contradiction between application note 46 of [PP_BAC] and application
                          note 52 of [PP_SAC]. In fact, although the wording is slightly different, the meaning
 Application Note:
                          of these application notes is identical. Therefore either of these application notes
                          applies and FPT_TST.1 from [PP_BAC] and [PP_SAC] can be combined.




 FPT_PHP.3                Resistance to physical attack

 Hierarchical to:         No other components.

 Dependencies:            No dependencies.

 FPT_PHP.3.1              The TSF shall resist physical manipulation and physical probing to the TSF by
                          responding automatically such that the SFRs are always enforced.

 [IFX specific]           Application note 47 of [PP_BAC] and 53 of [PP_SAC] are equivalent. Application
                          note 48 of [PP_BAC] is only informative to the reader in the sense, that it provides a
 Application Note:
                          context to an older CC standard, but not relevant for the interpretation of
                          FPT_PHP.3. Therefore either application note 47 of [PP_BAC] or application note 53
                          of [PP_SAC] applies and FPT_PHP.3 from [PP_BAC] and [PP_SAC] can be combined.




CC Document                                            19
                                                                                                         1.2
                                                                                                         2020-05-27
Security Target
ePassport configuration of SECORA™ ID S Infineon Applet Collection - eMRTD V1.0




7.1.3                SFRs specifically from [PP_SAC]

7.1.3.1              Class FCS: Cryptographic Support


  FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE        Cryptographic key generation – Diffie-Hellman for PACE session keys

  Hierarchical to:         No other components.

  Dependencies:             [FCS_CKM.2 Cryptographic key distribution or FCS_COP.1 Cryptographic
                           operation]: fulfilled by FCS_CKM.4
                           Justihe CXRAM parity watchdog.
                           watchdog error               off)
                           configuration              • enabled after
                                                        watchdog
                                                        initialization
                                                        done
                                                      • enabled (always
                                                        on)
                           FXRAM parity               • disabled (always Configuration of the FXRAM parity watchdog.
                           watchdog error               off)
                           configuration              • enabled after
                                                        watchdog




                                             All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.           © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                                 Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                      12 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                  P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                                 Security Target Lite



                           Name                    Value                                      Description
                                                            initialization
                                                            done
                                                      • enabled (always
                                                        on)
                           Selection of reset         • ISO13239/                             Selection of CRC algorithm for ISO7816 enhanced
                           value for UART               HDLC                                  protocol support.
                           CRC algorithm              • de facto PC/SC
                           Start-Up with Low          • YES                                   Start-Up with low CPU clock to enable specific low
                           CPU clock                  • NO                                    power applications. If this option is enabled the ISO
                           enabled                                                            start-up timing is not met.
                           RunMode                    • YES                                   Special start-up behavior in order to support a start-up
                           enabled                    • NO                                    with
                                                                                              • RST_N pad forced to LOW or not connected
                                                                                              and
                                                                                              • CLK pad forced HIGH or not connected.
                           Allow                      • YES                                   Disables the Low Frequency Sensor to allow parallel
                           simultaneous               • NO                                    operation via contact and contactless interfaces. The
                           operation of                                                       Low Frequency Sensor is disabled only when the CPU
                           ISO7816                                                            is free-running or runs at an internal clock.
                           and ISO14443
                           applications
                           Chip Health mode           • YES                                   Activation of read-out of IC identification items and
                           enabled                    • NO                                    start of built-in self test and ident routines is enabled or
                                                                                              not.
                           L_A / L_B input                                Additional capacitance (2x26 pF) between L_A/L_B
                                                      • 17 pF for class 1
                           capacitance                                    required meeting resonance frequency at ID1/2
                           configuration                (ID1) antennas    operation.
                                                        (default)
                                                      • 69 pF for class 2
                                                        (“half ID1”)
                                                        antennas
                           UID options                • Single FNUID,                         Defines size of the contactless communication protocol
                                                        four bytes                            unique identifier (set by Contactless Communication
                                                      • Double UID,                           Parameter ATQ0)
                                                        seven bytes

                          See Section 31.1 of the Data Sheet [9] for details on all minor configuration options listed in
                          Table 8. The availability of minor configuration options partly depends on the selected major
                          configuration option. However, in general the minor configuration options can be chosen
                          independently.
                1.4.2.3     Post Delivery Configuration
                          Post Delivery Configuration (PDC) can be applied by the customer himself after the TOE
                          has been delivered to that customer. These options can be used to tailor the TOE to the
                          specific customer requirements. The Post Delivery Configuration can be changed multiple
                          times but must be set permanently by the customer before the TOE is delivered to phase 7
                          of the life cycle.
                          The Post Delivery Configuration for the P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF is listed in Table
                          9.




                                             All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.            © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                                 Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                       13 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                        Security Target Lite


                          Table 9.     Post Delivery Configuration for P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                           Name                Values            Description
                           EEPROM Size           Steps of 2KB                         This value determines the maximum size of the EEPROM
                                                                                      in steps of 2KB. Default EEPROM size is given by the
                                                                                      major configuration.
                           CXRAM Size            Steps of 128 Byte This value determines the maximum size of the CXRAM
                                                                   in steps of 128 Bytes. Default CXRAM size is given by the
                                                                   major configuration.
                           Fame2                 Enabled or                           This value determines whether the Fame2 coprocessor is
                           coprocessor           Disabled                             enabled or disabled. Default value is enabled.
                           AES                   Enabled or                           This value determines whether the AES coprocessor is
                                                 Disabled                             enabled or disabled. Default value is enabled.
                           Contactless           Enabled or                           This value determines whether the Contactless interface
                           Interface             Disabled                             is enabled or not. Default value is enabled.

                          By applying Post Delivery Configuration the Security Rows content is updated for the
                          changed configuration options and can therefore be used for identification of the TOE after
                          applying any Post Delivery Configuration. Further details regarding Security Rows content
                          and identification of the TOE after applying Post Delivery Configuration refer to [9].
                          The Post Delivery Configuration can be accessed using chip health mode functionality in
                          combination with the ISO/IEC 7816 contact interface.
                1.4.2.4         Evaluated package types
                          A number of package types are supported for each major configuration of the TOE. The
                          commercial types are named according to the following format.
                            • P60D024ypp(p)/9Brrff(o) for major configuration P60D024PVB(Y/Z/A)/MVB(Y/Z/A)
                            • P60D016ypp(p)/9Brrff(o) for major configuration P60D016PVB(Y/Z/A)/MVB(Y/Z/A)
                            • P60D012ypp(p)/9Brrff(o) for major configuration P60D012PVB(Y/Z/A)/MVB(Y/Z/A)
                            • P60D024ypp(p)/9Frrff(o) for major configuration P60D024yVF
                            • P60D016ypp(p)/9Frrff(o) for major configuration P60D016yVF
                            • P60D012ypp(p)/9Frrff(o) for major configuration P60D012yVF
                          The commercial type name of each major configuration varies with the package type as
                          indicated by the variable pp and with the Security IC Embedded Software as indicated by
                          the variables rr and ff. Variable y identifies the activation of the firmware emulations.
                          Variable o identifies the EEPROM size of MIFARE Software. The number 9 is used as Fab
                          identifier and B/F references to the silicon version also available at major configuration
                          naming as VB/VF. The variables are replaced according to the rules in Table 10.

                          Table 10. Variable definitions for commercial type names
                           Variable         Definition
                           y                     Emulation Option Configuration for Dual Interface Types (alpha numeric), e.g.
                                                 ‘M’ for MIFARE Plus.
                           pp(p)                 Package delivery type (alpha numeric, last character optional), e.g. “A4” for
                                                 MOB4 module.
                           rr                    ROM code number, which identifies the ROM mask.




                                           All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                               Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                14 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                           P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                                          Security Target Lite



                           Variable                               Definition
                           ff                                     FabKey number, which identifies the EEPROM content at TOE delivery.
                           (o)                                    Size of EEPROM area for firmware emulation, e.g. ‘2’ 2kByte MIFARE Plus
                                                                  Emulation. In case no firmware emulation is activated for a commercial type
                                                                  this character is left blank.

                       Table 11 depicts the package types, which are supported in this Security Target, and
                       assigns these to the major configurations. The two characters in each entry of the table
                       stand for the variable pp, and identify the package type. An empty cell means that the
                       Security Target does not support the respective package type for the corresponding major
                       configuration.

                       Table 11.               Supported Package Types
                                P60D024y


                                           P60D016y


                                                       P60D012y




                                                                                                                            Description



                                Ux         Ux         Ux            Wafer not thinner than 50 µm
                                                                    (The letter “x” in “Ux” stands for a capital letter or a number, which
                                                                    identifies the wafer type)
                                Xn         Xn         Xn            Module
                                                                    (The letter “n” in” Xn” stands for a capital letter or a number, which
                                                                    identifies the module type)
                                A4         A4                       MOB4 module
                                A6         A6                       MOB6 module
                                Ai         Ai                       Inlay
                                                                    (The letter ‘i” in “Ai” stands for a capital letter, which identifies both, the inlay
                                                                    type and the package type inside the inlay.)


                       For example, commercial type name P60D024PX0/9Brrff denotes major configuration
                       P60D024yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF in PDM1.1 dual interface smart card module. The characters ‘rr’
                       and ‘ff’ are individual for each customer product.
                       The package types do not influence the security functionality of the TOE. They only define
                       which pads are connected in the package and for what purpose and in which environment
                       the chip can be used. Note that the security of the TOE is not dependent on which pad is
                       connected or not - the connections just define how the product can be used. If the TOE is
                       delivered as wafer the customer can choose the connections on his own.
                       Security during development and production is ensured for all package types listed above,
                       for details refer to section 1.4.4.
                       The commercial type name identifies major configuration and package type of the TOE as
                       well as the Security IC Embedded Software. However, the commercial type name does not
                       itemize the minor configuration options of the TOE, which are introduced in section 1.4.2.2.
                       Instead, minor configuration options are identified in the Order Entry Form, which is
                       assigned to the ROM code number and the FabKey number of the commercial type name.




                                                      All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.            © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                                             Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                    15 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                               P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                                     Security Target Lite



                          Minor configuration options as well as configuration options changed by means of Post
                          Delivery Configuration are coded in the Security Rows and can be read out for identification
                          of the TOE. Further details regarding Security Rows content and identification of the TOE
                          after applying Post Delivery Configuration refer to [9].


                  1.4.3 Logical Scope of TOE
                1.4.3.1     Hardware Description
                          The CPU of the P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF supports a 32-/24-/16-/8-bit instruction
                          set and distinguishes five CPU modes, which are summarized in Table 12.

                          Table 12.    CPU modes of the TOE
                                            Super System Mode
                           Boot Mode            Test Mode                            Firmware Mode                     System Mode        User Mode

                          Boot Mode, Test Mode and Firmware Mode are sub-modes of the so-called Super System
                          Mode. These three modes are not available to the Security IC Embedded Software; they
                          are reserved for the Security IC Dedicated Software. The Security IC Dedicated Software is
                          composed of Security IC Dedicated Test Software and Security IC Dedicated Support
                          Software, (Boot-ROM Software and Firmware Operating System) as introduced in section
                          1.4.1. The three software components are mapped one-to-one to the three CPU modes: In
                          Boot Mode the TOE executes the Boot-ROM Software, in Test Mode the TOE executes the
                          IC Dedicated Test Software and in Firmware Mode the TOE executes the Firmware
                          Operating System. Please note that the Super System Mode is not a mode on its own:
                          When the TOE is in Super System Mode, it is always either in Boot Mode, Test Mode or
                          Firmware Mode.
                          The P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF is able to control two different logical phases. After
                          production of the Security IC every start-up or reset completes with Test Mode and
                          execution of the IC Dedicated Test Software. The Test Mode is disabled at the end of the
                          production test. Afterwards, every start-up or reset ends up in System Mode and execution
                          of the Security IC Embedded Software.
                          In case the minor configuration option ‘Post Delivery Configuration’ is enabled and not finally
                          locked by the customer, the resource configuration functionality allows the customer to
                          enable or disable specific functionality of the hardware platform, refer to Table 9.
                          In case the minor configuration option ‘Chip Health/Ident Mode’ is enabled, during the boot
                          process routines either starting built-in self tests checking the functional integrity of the TOE
                          or sending back identification items of the TOE can be activated by the user.
                          System Mode and User Mode are available to the developer of the Security IC Embedded
                          Software. System Mode has unlimited access to the hardware components available to the
                          Security IC Embedded Software. User Mode has restricted access to the CPU, specific
                          Special Function Registers and the memories depending on the access rights granted by
                          software running in System Mode. The hardware components are controlled by the Security
                          IC Embedded Software via Special Function Registers. Special Function Registers are
                          interrelated to the activities of the CPU, the Memory Management Unit, interrupt control, I/O
                          configuration, EEPROM, timers, UART, the contactless interface and the coprocessors.




                                          All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.                   © NXP B.V. 2018. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                              Rev. 4.4 — 29 October 2018                                                                              16 of 87
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                            P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite



                       The P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF provides two types of interrupts: (i) exception
                       interrupts, called “exception” in the following and (ii) event interrupts, called “interrupts” in
                       the following. Exceptions and interrupts each force a jump to a specific fixed vector address
                       in the ROM. Any exception and interrupt can therefore be controlled and guided by a specific
                       part     of     the    Security     IC     Embedded       Software.      In     addition,    the
                       P60D024/016/012yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF provides eight firmware vectors (FVEC) and 32 system
                       call vectors (SVEC). These vectors have to be explicitly called by the Security IC Embedded
                       Software. A jump to a firmware vector forces Firmware Mode and starts execution of the
                       Firmware Operating System, a jump to a system call vector forces System Mode.
                       The Watchdog timer is intended to abort irregular program executions by a time-out
                       mechanism and is enabled and configured by the Security IC Embedded Software.
                       The P60D024yVB(Y/Z/A)/yVF incorporates 352 kBytes of ROM, 8.125 kBytes of RAM and
                       24 kBytes of EEPROM. Access control to all three memory types is enforced by a Memory
                       Management Unit. The Memory Management Unit partitions each memory into two                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      duct data sheet addendum   1.0
                                                                                                 Page: 10/14 of report number: NSCIB-CC-217812-CR2, dated 14 December 2020




                                                                                                               P73 Family Chip Health Mode, Application note                                1.0
                                                                                                               P73 Family Code Signature Watchdog, Application note                         1.1
                                                                                                               ARM®v7-M Architecture Reference Manual                                       ID120114
                                                                                                                                                                                            (ARM website)
                                                                                                 Table 3 Manuals common for all SN200_SE B1.1



                                                                                                   Item            Identifier                                                                 Version
                                                                                                  Manuals         SN200_SE Information on Guidance and Operation                             1.1
                                                                                                                  SN200 Services User Manual – API and Operational Guidance                  4.13
                                                                                                                  SN200 Services Addendum - Additional API and Operational Guidance          0.5
                                                                                                                  SN200x Crypto Library Information on Guidance and Operation                1.4
                                                                                                                  SN200x Crypto Library: User Manual – RNG Library                           1.1
                                                                                                                  SN200x Crypto Library: User Manual – SHA Library                           1.0
                                                                                                                  SN200x Crypto Library: User Manual – Secure SHA Library                    1.0
                                                                                                                  SN200x Crypto Library: User Manual – SHA-3 Library                         1.0
                                                                                                                  SN200x Crypto Library: User Manual – Secure SHA-3 Library                  1.0
                                                                                                                  SN200x Crypto Library: User Manual – HMAC Library                          1.0
                                                                                                                  SN200x Crypto Library: User Manual – Rsa Library (Rsa)                     1.1
                                                                                                                  SN200x Crypto Library: User Manual – RSA Key Generation Library (RsaKg)    1.0
                                                                                                       d control
and against download of malicious software before, during and after the user downloads his software. This is
formalized with the objectives O.Cap_Avail_Loader, O.Authentication and O.Ctrl_Auth_Loader requiring
authentication of the TOE to external entities and a trusted communication channel. The O.Authentication
implements a mutual authentication and involves the environment therefore.
And the policies cover also the environmental objective OE.Process-Sec-IC at user premises, as it must be
regardless in which environment the Flash Loader is operated.
The implemented mutual authentication requires first to authenticate the TOE to the external user. This requires
also knowledge by the user about the sequence of the protocol, interpretation of the transferred data and how to
start the authentication of the TOE. This authentication mean counters the threat T.Masquerade_TOE as only
the genuine TOE is able to identify itself correctly to the enabled user, which covers O.Authentication.
The second step of the mutual authentications mean implements the authentication of the user to the TOE. Only
the user enabled to present the correct authentication data and knowing about the sequence, data
interpretation and signaling of the authentication to the TOE is able to proceed further on.
This enforces OE.TOE_Auth, requiring the support of the verification mechanism and known authentication
reference data by the operational environment.

It is normal business that products enabled for software download by the user are either on their way to the user
or are already stored at user premises. At both situations it cannot be excluded that an attacker could manage to
steal such products enabled for software downloads. The ability to download software on a chip without
operating system and/or application is defined as open sample.
This situation generates the threat T.Open_Samples_Diffusion which is defined as follows:
The download of analysis software could enable an attacker to characterize the product and to construct an
attack path out of the gained information.
This threat is countered by the Flash Loader by following rational:
As long as the Flash Loader is active, controlled usage to the Flash Loader functionality (P.Ctrl_Loader) is
enforced which protects the TOE from achieving the status of being an open sample. And more, even the
attacker could observe, meaning in the sense of measurements during, or induce faults during an authorized
download, the Flash Loader protects the user data of the download by confidentiality and integrity protection
means. The Flash Loader functionalities of mutual authentication, establishing a dedicated trusted
communication channel, the encryption and integrity protection means cover the objectives
O.Prot_TSF_Confidentiality, O.Leak-Inherent and O.Leak-Forced.
The policy P.Ctrl_Loader covers also the environmental objective OE.Process-Sec-IC at user                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        1
                        4. RSA and RSA Chinese Remainder Theorem (CRT) key generation .
                        5. Elliptic Curve Cryptography (ECC) over GF(p) for signature generation and
                                                 1
                           verification (ECDSA) .
                                                           1
                        6. ECC over GF(p) key generation .
                        7. Random number generation according to class DRG.3 or DRG.4 of AIS 20 [21].            • functionality to calculate the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) with different key
                        lengths,
                      • support for large integer arithmetic operations like multiplication, addition and logical
                        operations, which are suitable for public key cryptography (e.g. RSA or ECC),
                      • a True Random Number Generator,
                      • memory management control,
                      • cyclic redundancy check (CRC) calculation,
                      • ISO/IEC 7816 contact interface with UART, and
                      • ISO/IEC 14443 A contactless interface supporting.

P6022y VB                             All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2018. All                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           